A
A check number or claim number to identify the payment
A claim must be selected to enable this menu.
A client certificate for the admin user
A Clinical Decision Rule is patient specific information that is filtered and presented at appropriate times to enhance health and health care
A clinical document is attached
A clinical document is attached.
A code of this type is already selected. Erase the field first if you need to replace it.
A dated reminder message can be either forwarded by clicking the Forward button or removed from the dated reminders list by clicking on the Set As Completed button
A dedicated security key needs to be purchased
A default code is optional as the needed code can be entered at the time of placing the actual order
A detailed guide on how to enable and setup a Clinical Decision rule is found here
A distributor is required
A due date can be specified or a specific time period can be chosen for the dated reminder to to show up
A few words to indicate the reason for the visit
A followup appointment can also be scheduled right from the fee sheet.
A GCAC visit form should be added to this visit.
A HL7 v2.x message simply consists of several lines of text, each line is called a segment and is further divided into fields by using the pipe (|) character
A large application like openEMR is used by a multitude of users with varying roles and degrees of responsibility. It is imperative that access to various parts of the program be granted to users on a need to know basis. To achieve this - Access Control Lists (ACL) are used.
A lot number is required
A lot number is required!
A lowercase letter
A New Appointment
A new feature helps to group frequently ordered tests so that they can be ordered together
A new message can thus be sent to a single or multiple users and/or can be about a single or multiple patients
A new patients credentials could not be sent after portal registration.
A new tab sub menu will be visible at the top of the Message center page
A number
A Patient Must Be Selected to Generate This Report
A patient with this ID already exists.
A patient with this name already exists.
A patient with this SS already exists.
A Payment is Required!. Please input a payment line item entry.
A place to document and display the patient's past medical history, family history, personal history
A popup box will alert you about success or failure
A positive number will show that many past appointments on a Widget in the Patient Summary screen (a negative number will show the past appointments in descending order)
A positive number will show that many past appointments on a Widget in the Patient Summary screen.
A product was selected but there is no product section in this form.
A provider or warehouse can be selected in the dropwdown box. For this option to be displayed 'Support provider in line item in fee sheet' box must be checked in Administration > Globals> Billing page
A quantity is required
A Recurring Appointment. Please contact your appointment desk for any changes.
A Referral has an additional action - to print the referral or save it as a pdf file
A Referral is the most common type of transaction
A referral source may be specified for each visit.
A related IPPF code is required!
A secure (HTTPS) web connection is required for U2F
A short description of this group that will appear when you hover over the newly created group (ARO).
A short description of this group, Serum chemistry tests
A short description of this procedure or result code
A signature is required for this document. Please sign document where required
A source lot is required
A special character
A standardized form called the Health Insurance Claim Form is used to submit claims
A third alternative is to scan the results and save it as a document - TIFF, JPEG or PDF in the patient's chart under documents
A two tabbed form will be revealed
A unique value to identify this field, not visible to the user
A useful start would be to obtain a paper lab slip from a few labs and look at the way the tests are organized on the lab slip
A valid UDI has not been processed yet.
A visit already exists for this group today. Click Cancel to open it, or OK to proceed with creating a new one.
A visit already exists for this patient today. Click Cancel to open it, or OK to proceed with creating a new one.
A warehouse is required
a.c.
a.m.
A/C{{anterior chamber}}
A/F Level Right:
AAA Segments
AB
Abbreviation
Abcess:
Abdominal
Able to Bear Weight four (4) steps:
Abn
ABN is required but not signed!
ABN Status
ABN1
ABNL
Abnormal
Abnormal Blood Test
Abnormal Hair Growth
Abnormal Mammogram
Abort
Aborted since querystring hash was invalid
Aborted since unable to complete transaction
Aborted since unable to obtain token
Aborted since unable to submit transaction
Abortion
Abortion Issues
Abortion Method
Abortion-Related Categories
Abortions
About
About Portal Dashboard
About the calendar
About Your Portal
Above upper panic limits
Absences by Diagnosis
Absolute path to node binary
Accept
Accept Assignment
Accept Credit Card transactions from Front Payments
Accept Payment
Accept Payment for
Accept Payment for 
Accepts Assignment
Access can be given to other groups by editing User Memberships or Groups and Access Controls in Administration > ACL
Access Control
Access Control List Administration
Access Control List Help
Access Control Lists
Access core data set of patient information at the beginning of an encounter
Access date
Access denied
Access is then granted selectively to portions of the program on a need to know basis.
access not allowed
Access not allowed
Access Not Authorized
Access Tokens
Access Your Medical Records
Access Your Patient Portal
Accident
Account
Account Id
Account Id issued for NewCrop eRx service, used to separate multi-facility accounts.
Account Id issued for Weno eRx service.
Account Id issued for Your clinics eRx service.
Account is validated. Send new credentials?
Account Name
Account Name issued for NewCrop eRx service.
Account Password issued for NewCrop eRx service.
Account Registration
Accounting
Accounting (acct)
Accounting Transactions Export
Accounting transactions export to CSV
Accountings
Acct
ACD{{anterior chamber depth}}
Aches
Acknowledge as my Electronic Signature
Acknowledgment Requested (ISA14)
Acknowledgments, Licensing and Certification
ACL
ACL Administration
ACL Administration (acl)
ACL Administration Not Authorized
ACL check failed
ACL Fine Granular Control
ACL Updated Successfully
Acne
ACO
ACOM{{Anterior Segment}}
Act
Act Date
Action
Action Taken
Action Taken Time
Action User
Actions
Activate
Activate CCR/CCD Reporting
activate to sort column ascending
activate to sort column descending
Activate UB04/837I Claim Support
Activates custom work flow logic
Active
Active - By default any value added here will be set to Active, to prevent/remove an item from showing up in the drop-down list just uncheck and deactivate
Active Alert
Active Alert - that presents as a pop-up notification when a patient's chart is entered
Active Alert Rules
Active Alerts/Reminders
Active Chart
Active Codes
Active Directory - Domains Base
Active Directory - Domains Controllers
Active Directory - Suffix Of Account
Active Encounter
Active Issue Codes
Active lists
Active Messages
Active Patient
Active Plans
Active Templates
Active{{Appointment}}
Active{{Code}}
Active{{Drug}}
Active{{Issue}}
Active{{Item}}
Active{{Note}}
Active{{Plan}}
Active{{Service}}
Activity
Activity Type
Actual Receipts
Acuity
ACUITY
Acuity with Autorefraction
Acuity with Contact Lenses
Acuity with correction
Acuity with Cycloplegic Refraction
Acuity with Manifest Refraction
Acuity with Pinhole
Acuity without correction
Acute Intoxication/Withdrawal
Acute Manifestation of a Chronic Condition
Acute on Chronic
Ad Reviewed
Add
add
ADD
Add a Company
Add a condition
ADD A NEW RECALL
Add a New Recall
Add a note to the biller
Add a Pharmacy
Add all needed providers in a similar manner
Add all rules to plan
add an event for 
Add as a new message
Add as a new note
Add as New
Add as new patient
Add Bottom Border Row
Add Buttons
Add Buttons for Special Chars,Texts to be Displayed on Top of the Editor for inclusion to the text on a Click
Add Category
Add Constant
Add Context
Add Copay
Add criteria
Add Custom Button
Add Data Bottom Border
Add desired privileges by moving items (ACOs) from the 'Inactive' column to the 'Active' column.
Add Diagnosis
Add Drug
Add Edit Transactions Help
Add encounter
Add Encounter
Add encounter/notes
Add Facility
Add Field
Add following lines to the Apache configuration file
Add Group
Add group
Add ICD Code
Add Immunization
Add is not authorized!
Add Issue
Add item to track
Add Language
Add Lot
Add manually
Add Missing Context Template.
Add Mode
Add modifiers for this field type. You may select more than one.
Add More Items
Add New
Add new
Add new category : 
Add new certificates to the Apache configuration file
Add New Component
Add New Components
Add new database
Add New Entry
Add New Event
Add New Form
ADD NEW GROUP
Add New Group
Add New Issue
Add new lot and transaction
Add New Message
Add New Note
Add new note
Add New Partner
Add New Patient
Add New Plan
ADD NEW PLAN
Add New...
Add New{{Event}}
Add New{{Message}}
Add New{{Provider}}
Add new{{Rule}}
Add New{{Type}}
Add Note
Add Onsite Portal Activity
Add Package
Add Patient
Add Patient Record
Add Prescription
Add Procedure
Add Provider Number
Add Recall
Add Rehab
Add Row
Add Rule
Add the remaining codes, in order to do so the CPT code must already exist in the database
Add Time to Date
Add to
ADD TO EXISTING MESSAGE
Add To Existing Message
Add to History
Add to list
Add to Medication List
Add Top Level
Add Transaction
Add User
Add User To Group
Add.{{Additional Measurements}}
Add/Edit eRx
Add/Edit Issue
Add/Edit Patient Transaction
added
Adding
Adding a participant
Adding demographics is not authorized.
Adding item to track failed
Addison Syndrom
Addison Syndrome
Additional Attributes
Additional Data Points
Additional Date:
Additional Diagnosis:
Additional Findings
Additional functionality including the ability to send SMS text messages, automated phone dialing, emails etc. can be accessed by enabling the optional MedEx Communication Service
Additional help to fill out this form is available by hovering over labels of each box and clicking on the dark blue help ? icon that is revealed
Additional help to fill out this form is available by hovering over labels of each box and clicking on the dark blue help ? icon that is revealed. On mobile devices tap once on the label to reveal the help icon and tap on the icon to show the help section
Additional History
Additional history notes
Additional Info
Additional information about the individual pages can be found in their respective help files
Additional information may be available
Additional information to process paper claims
Additional Labs
Additional Notes
Additional Notes field is for local use in openEMR
Additional notes for this result or recommendation
Additional Notes:
Additional Notes: 
additional scopes
Additional X-RAY Notes:
Additionally, the corresponding US Snomed Extension Package can be imported separately after installing the International (English version) Snomed Release
Additionally, to the right is a toggle to select if you want to use the pop out window or dialog editor. The window allows having multiple editors open at the same time where the dialog is more appropriate for making quick edits
Additonal Rx{{Additional glasses}}
addonly
addonly - can read and add but not modify
Addr Bk
Addr Book
Address
Address and Postal Code
Address and State
Address Book
Address book entry for the company performing this procedure
Address book entry for the distributor
Address book entry for the vendor
Address Book Types
Address Label
Address Labels
Address Line 1
Address Line 2
Address Only
Address, City, State and Postal Code
Address, City, State, Postal Code, Payer ID
Address, State and Postal Code
Address1
Address2
ADDRESSED TO
ADDRESSEE
ADD{{Bifocal Add}}
ADD{{Near Add}}
Adj
Adj Amount
Adj Amt
Adj Type
Adjust
Adjust Type
Adjustment
Adjustment Amt
Adjustment Reasons
Adjustment type is required for each line with an adjustment.
Adjustment type is required for every line item.
Adjustment value for code
Adjustment value for code 
Adjustment, Consumption, Return, or Edit
Adjustments
Adjustments at Checkout
Adm adjust
Admin
Admin Email Address
Administer Via
Administer Via is not relevant in this context and can be left Unassigned
Administered
Administered By
Administered Date
Administered Site
Administration
Administration (admin)
Administration Site
Administrator Assign
Administrators
Administrators can do anything
Admit Date
Adnexa
Adopted Child
Adult Weight Screening and Follow-Up
Adult Weight Screening and Follow-Up (CQM)
Advance Directive
Advance Directives
Advance Directives Warning
Advance Options
Advanced
Advanced - Finer Access Control
Advantages and Disadvantages of TOTP and U2F
Advice
Afar
Affect normal
Afrikaans
after
after (PM)
After hrs calls
After migration from the old password mechanisms where passwords are stored in the users table without salt is complete, this flag should be set to false so that only authentication by the new method is possible
After performing above configurations, import the admin client certificate to the browser and restart Apache server (empty password).
After saving the PDF
After saving the PDF, click [View Log] to check for errors.
After saving the PDF, click[View Log] to check for errors.
After saving the TEXT file
After saving the TEXT file(s), click [View Log] to check for errors.
After saving the TEXT file(s), click[View Log] to check for errors.
After saving your batch
After saving your batch, click [View Log] to check for errors.
After saving your batch, click[View Log] to check for errors.
After that the Match column will show the selected patient ID, or 0 to create.
After the information is correctly entered, click the Save button.
After Uploading click the button "Import"
After Uploading, click "Import"
After you filled in the spreadsheet with the relevant ICD categories and ICD codes go to Administration > Lists. Select 'Service Category' from the dropdown box
After you have finished entering all the ICD 10 codes go to Adminstration > Lists and select 'Code Types' from the dropdown box. Select 'ICD10 Diagnosis' from the last dropdown box under ICD 10
AfterCare Planning
Afterwards however, you may change your portal credentials anytime from portal menu.
Again
Age
Age at death
Age By
Age Category
Age data is out of range.
Age Display Format
Age format for "age from" is not valid
Age format for "age up to" is not valid
Age From
Age in Years for Display Format Change
Age max
Age min
Age Range
Aging Columns
Aging Columns:
Aging Days
Akan
Albanian
Alcohol
Alcohol consumption
Alcohol Use
Alert
Alert Count
Alert Notice
Alert on and after birthday
Alert on and up to 28 days after birthday
Alert on patient birthday
Alert only on birthday
Alert Time
Alerts
Alerts Log
Alerts/Reminders
Alert{{Mental Status}}
ALEUT
All
ALL
all
All (Collated Format A)
All (Collated Format B)
All (Cumulative)
All Alerts
All Automated Measure Calculations (AMC)
All Categories
All Clinical Quality Measures (CQM)
All Codes
All credential fields are case sensitive!
All Dates
All Day
All day event
All demographics fields, with search and duplication check
All done.
All Encounters
All Facilities
All Injuries/Problems/Issues
All Labs
All Languages Allowed
All Messages
All Official Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) Measure Groups
All or part of the first name
All or part of the last name
All or part of the organization
All patient interactions in OpenEMR are linked to encounters
All Patients
All pending messages are displayed on the MY MESSAGES pane
All Product Types
All Products
All Providers
All Reviewed and Negative:
All scores have been cleared.
All search inputs are case sensitive and must match entries in your profile.
All sections are not required, rather, they are available based on the information a practitioner believes is critical data for the patient at any given moment in time
All set. Click Send Request below to finish registration
All set. Click Send Request below to finish registration.
All Topics
All TOTP authenticator apps use the same algorithm and secure hash function - HMAC-SHA1 to generate the unique key
All Transactions for the patient will appear on the Transactions page in descending order of its date of creation
All Users
All Warehouses
Allergic
Allergic to
Allergies
Allergies - will show the allergies listed under Issues > Allergies. If eRx is enabled the allergy list has to be entered on the eRx page
Allergies/Alerting Data
Allergies:
Allergy
Allergy import successfully completed
Allergy Issue List
Allergy Reaction
ALLERGY WARNING
Allergy Warning
Allocate
Allow
Allow Administrators to Delete Patients
Allow all available languages as choices on menu at login.
Allow Check In before the appointment's time.
Allow creation of claims containing diagnoses but not procedures or charges. Most clinics do not want this.
Allow Debugging Language
Allow Double Click to select Nation Note text template from any encounter form text area
Allow Early Check In
Allow Email
Allow email messages?
Allow Email?
Allow Encounter Claims
Allow Encounter For Each Appointment
Allow Health Info Exchange
Allow Health Information Exchange
Allow Immunization Info Share
Allow Immunization Info Sharing
Allow Immunization Registry Use
Allow in person credit card payments using Stripe Verifone P400. Ensure Stripe gateway is enabled.
Allow institutional claims support.
Allow insurance eligibility checks using Office Ally
Allow Mail Message
Allow manual entry and authorise credit card payments. Ensure a gateway is enabled.
Allow more than one insurance
Allow More than one MA/IPPF code mapping
Allow multiple databases
Allow New Patient Registration Widget
Allow Notice
Allow Online Appointments
Allow Online Payments
Allow Online Secure Chat
Allow only one insurance
Allow Onsite New Patient Registration Widget
Allow Onsite Online Appointments
Allow Onsite Online Payments
Allow Onsite Online Secure Chat
Allow Onsite Patient Ledger
Allow Onsite Patient to make and view appointments online.
Allow Onsite Patient to make payments online.
Allow Onsite Patient to use Secure Chat Application.
Allow Onsite Patient to view their accounting ledger online.
Allow Onsite Patients to Reset Credentials
Allow Patient Flow Board to Select Patients for Drug Testing.
Allow Patient Ledger
Allow Patient Portal
Allow Patient to make and view appointments online.
Allow Patient to make payments online.
Allow Patient to use Secure Chat Application.
Allow Patient to view their accounting ledger online.
Allow Patients to Reset Credentials
Allow Postal Mail
Allow self-signed certificate for SSL (encrypted) connection to CouchDB
Allow SMS
Allow SMS (text messages)?
Allow Statement Exclusions from Printing
Allow submitted events to be made active instantly?
Allow telephone messages?
Allow to use with multiple database
Allow users to publish Global Events
Allow users to publish Personal Calendars
Allow Version 2 Onsite New Patient Registration Widget
Allow Version 2 Onsite Online Payments
Allow Version 2 Onsite Patient to make payments online.
Allow Version 2 Patients to Reset Credentials
Allow Voice Call
Allow Voice Message
Allowed
Allowed Languages
Allowed to discount prices (in Fee Sheet or Checkout form) (disc)
Allowed(c)
Allows E-Sign on the entire encounter
Allows E-Signing Individual Forms
Allows Mail
Allows Voice msgs
All{{Mails}}
All{{Recipients}}
Already a Care Plan form for this encounter. Using existing Care Plan form.
Already a Clinical Notes form for this encounter. Using existing Clinical Notes form.
Already at the top of the page
already exists
already exists! Please try again.
already exists.
Already registered
Already used, choose another identifier
Already used, choose another title
Also provides a short description of the visit in Patient Reports
Alt Address
Alt City
Alt Postal code
Alt State
alter
Alternate Cover Test
Alternatively a CPT code can be used. It is 84550 for Serum Uric Acid
Alternatively download a sample spreadsheet by clicking on the Download button
Alternatively it can be accessed by clicking in the Messages menu item in the top navigation bar
Alternatively you could clear all selections and select only the items that you want to be a part of the report
Alternatively, you may choose to upload an electronic remittance (X12 835) file that you have obtained from your payer or clearinghouse. You can do this by first selecting the 'ERA upload' option in the initial 'Select Method' section. This brings up the 'ERA Upload' Section.
Alternatively, you may use the search page to upload an electronic remittance (X12 835) file that you have obtained from your payer or clearinghouse.  You can do this by clicking the Browse button and selecting the file to upload, and then clicking Search to perform the upload and display the corresponding invoices.  In this case the other parameters mentioned above do not apply and will be ignored.  Uploading saves the file but does not yet process its contents -- that is done separately as described below.
Although the HCFA-1500 originally was developed for submitting Medicare claims, it eventually was accepted by all commercial/ private insurance carriers to facilitate the standardization of the claims process
Always
AM
AM Program
Amblyopia
Ambulance - Air or Water
Ambulance - Land
Ambulatory Surgical Center
AMC
AMC Tracking
AMC-2011
AMC-2014
AMC-2014 Stage I
AMC-2014 Stage II
AMD{{age related macular degeneration}}
Amend Existing Message
Amend Existing Note
Amendment
Amendment From
Amendment List
Amendment Status
Amendments
Amendments (write,addonly optional)
Amendments (write,addonly optional) (amendment)
Amendments - Enable a user to electronically select the record affected by a patient’s request for amendment and either append the amendment to the affected record or include a link that indicates the amendment’s location
Amendments for
American Indian
American Indian or Alaska Native
AMEX
Amharic
Amount
Amount Administered
Amount Charged
Amount Charges
Amount Charges:
Amount Due
Amount for Past Balance
Amount for This Visit
Amount Paid
Amount:
Amplitudes
Amsler
Amt Billed
An appointment can be scheduled by clicking on the calendar icon in that cell
An e-mail with your new account credentials will be sent to the e-mail address supplied earlier. You may still review or edit any part of your information by using the top step buttons to go to the appropriate panels. If after receiving credentials and you have trouble with access to the portal, please contact administration.
An e-mail with your new account credentials will be sent to the e-mail address supplied earlier. You may still review or edit any part of your information by using the top step buttons to go to the appropriate panels. Note to be sure you have given your correct e-mail address. If after receiving credentials and you have trouble with access to the portal, please contact administration.
An electronic order and the returned result is in the form of a message called the HL7 message. HL7 stands for Health Level (Application Layer) 7. HL7’s prime objective is to simplify the implementation of interfaces between healthcare software applications and various vendors so as to reduce the pain and cost involved in custom interface programming
An end date later than the start date is required for repeated events!
An error occured signing the form
An error occurred while dumping OpenEMR web directory tree
An error occurred while dumping phpGACL web directory tree
An error occurred while dumping SQL-Ledger web directory tree
An error occurred: Missing file to upload. Returning to form.
An error occurred: Missing file to upload: Use back button!
An important concept to grasp is that once the secret key delivered via the QR code is captured by the authenticator app there is no further communication between the app and OpenEMR, each will use the current UNIX time and its copy of the user-specific shared secret key to generate the same unique 6 digit number
An important point to remember is that the various individuals tests in each panel are listed as Results, the fruit, you cannot directly order these individual tests
An incomplete GCAC issue has been created and linked. Someone will need to complete it later.
An internal server error occurred
An Issue concerns matters relating to the patient's health
An issue is a medical problem, allergy, medication, surgery or dental issue
An onset/hospitalization date may be specified for each visit.
An order has now been successfully created, however a place to receive and document the returned result does not exist as yet and needs to be created
An Outcome for the problem - Resolved, Improved, Status Quo, Worse, Pending Followup or leave as Unassigned
An undefined error occurred, please contact your systems administrator.
An unexpected error has occurred.
An unknown system error occurred during the export for resource
An Updated Appointment
An uppercase letter
Analyzed
and
And
AND
and 
and all subordinate data? This action will be logged
and modifier
and processed.
and resetting claim status.
and restart Apache server.
and the Reason is
android
Anemia
Ankle
Ankle + heel
Ankle Evaluation Form
Ankle Problems
Ankylosing Sondlilitis
Ankylosing Spondlilitis
Anorexia
Another thing you can do in the posting window is request secondary billing. If you select this checkbox before saving, then the original claim will be re-opened and queued on the Billing page, and will be processed during the next billing run.
Another way to select an ICD code to justify the CPT4 code is to click on the label CPT4 at the beginning of the row
Answering Service
Ant
ante
Anterior Chamber Depth
Anterior Segment
Anterior Segment Default Values
ant{{anterior}}
Anus nl, no rectal tenderness/mass
Anxiety
any
Any
Any additional information pertaining to this provider
Any carotid bruits appreciated?
Any Category
Any changes here will be reviewed by provider staff before commiting to chart. The following apply
Any changes here will be reviewed by provider staff before committing to your chart. The following apply
Any changes that you need to make to this particular line item should be made here and saved
any date
Any Demographic Search
Any part of the desired code or its description
Any part of the desired NPI
Any part of the desired specialty
Any part of the drug id or drug name
Any part of the immunization id or immunization name
Any part of the patient name, or \"last,first\", or \"X-Y\"
Anyother Relevant Information
Anything else occur at the same time?
Any{{Gender}}
AOE Q&A
APD{{afferent pupillary defect}}
API
API key for SMS Gateway.
API Log Option
API Log Option (Full includes requests and responses).
API logging
Apnea
App
App Launch URI
App Logout URI
App Name
App Redirect URI
App Registration Form
Appearance
Appearance:
Append
Append this message
Append this note
Append to the existing message
Append to the existing note
Append to this note
Append to This Note
Appendectomy
appendectomy
Applicable only for family planning clinics
Applicable Patients
Application
Application name for login page and main window title.
Application name used throughout the user interface.
Application Receiver Code (GS03 - If blank ISA08 will be used)
Application Sender Code (GS02)
Application Title
Applies to the Vitals form and Growth Chart
Applies to this visit only
Applies to Vitals form
Apply the changes to the Current event only, to this and all Future occurrences, or to All occurrences?
apply to affected area
apply to skin
Applying
Applying Patch to site
Appointment
Appointment Category
Appointment Date
Appointment Display Sets - Color 1
Appointment Display Sets - Color 2
Appointment Display Sets - Color 3
Appointment Display Sets - Color 4
Appointment Display Sets - Ignore Display Limit (Last Set)
Appointment Display Style
Appointment made by
Appointment Reminder Rule
Appointment Reminders
Appointment status
Appointment Statuses
Appointment within
Appointment/Event Color
Appointments
Appointments (write optional)
Appointments (write,wsome optional)
Appointments (write,wsome optional) (appt)
Appointments - Group Summary - Number to Display
Appointments - Onsite Patient Portal - Number to Display
Appointments - Patient Summary - Number to Display
Appointments - shows all future appointments as well as Recalls
Appointments and Encounters
Appointments for
Appointments Report
Appointments-Encounters Report
Appropriate Results
Appropriate Testing for Children with Pharyngitis (CQM)
Approve
Approve Order
Approve the patient from Patient/Client->Import->Pending Approval
Approved
Approved Events Administration
Approved Successfully
Apps
Appt Date
Appt Status
Appt Time
Appt-Enc
Appt. Reminders
Appts
Appt{{Abbreviation for appointment}}
App{{Applanation abbreviation}}
Apr
April
AP{{applanation}}
Arabic
Aragonese
Archive
Archive Log Files
Archive old files
Are access control group names to be translated?
Are appointment category names to be translated?
Are document category names to be translated?
Are fees charged for this type?
are off
are on
Are patient note titles to be translated?
Are the codes stored in external sql tables (0-No, 1-ICD10, 2-SNOMED(RF1), 3-SNOMED(RF2)) ?
are unanswered
Are you prepared to complete a new GCAC issue for this visit?
Are you sure to clear chat history?
Are you sure to post for today?
Are you sure you want to approve these events?
Are you sure you want to cancel your changes?
Are you sure you want to clear chats session history?
Are you sure you want to completely remove this form?
Are you sure you want to continue?
Are you sure you want to delete
Are you sure you want to delete this disclosure?
Are you sure you want to delete this event?
Are you sure you want to delete this item from the database?
Are you sure you want to delete this message?
Are You Sure you want to delete this name?
Are you sure you want to delete this note?
Are you sure you want to delete this plan?
Are you sure you want to edit these events?
Are you sure you want to hide these events?
Are you sure you want to remove namespace
Are you sure you want to transmit it again?
Are you sure you want to view these events?
Are you sure you wish to delete the entire group named
Are you sure you wish to delete the entire list
Are you sure you wish to delete the field in
Are you sure you wish to delete the selected fields?
Are you sure you wish to delete this entire group?
Are you sure you'd like to quit without saving your answers?
Are you sure you\'d like to continue with these actions?
Are you sure?
Area not specified
Arm
Armenian
ARNear{{Auto-refraction near acuity}}
ARNear{{autorefraction near}}
Arrival
Arrive Time
Arrived
Arrived late
Arrythmia
Arthritis
Arthritis / degen joint diseas
Arthritis / degen joint disease
Article
AR{{Autorefraction Acuity}}
AR{{autorefraction}}
as
As appears on documents
as billed
As Button
As Large Text Link
As Of
As Text Link
As the first step choose Group or Custom Favorite Group, as the case may be, as the Top Level Tier 1 and fill in the required details
As the secret key need by the authenticator is stored on the mobile phone malware can steal these keys and thus compromise authentication
As this is an infrequently performed process additional help in provided by clicking on the help icon that is revealed when you hover over the label for each box
As we are creating a Custom Group for manual entry of returned results we need to create a place to enter these results
As will appear on documents.
ASC
Asian
Asked but no answer
Assamese
Assess Penicillin Allergy
Assessment
Assign
Assign it to this one?
Assign Severity and Save
Assign the dosage values etc. and click Save
Assign the message to the correct patient by clicking Patient: Click to select, assign a Type and forward the message on to the correct clinician or staff member
Assigned Groups
Assigned Templates
Assigned To
Assistant
Assisted Living Facility
Associate
Associated
Associated Notes.
Assume patients permit Messaging
Assume patients receive HIPAA policy
Asthma
at
At least one diagnosis is required! Please add a diagnosis for this order.
At least one search parameter is required if you select All.
At present e-prescribing from openEMR is possible only in the United States
At present only Continuity of Care Record (CCR) Continuity of Care Document (CCD) can be sent using phiMail
At the Navicular
At the Navicular:
Athletic team
Athletic Team
Athletic/Injury
ATNA audit CA certificate
ATNA audit host
ATNA audit local certificate
ATNA audit port
Atropine 1%
Attending physician
Attention
Attention: Pending Documents
Attn
Attributes
Aud URI (use this in the "aud" claim of your JWT)
Audiological physician
Audit all Emergency User Queries
Audit CDR Engine Queries
Audit Changes
Audit Log Tamper
Audit Log Tamper Report
Audit log tampering evident at entry number
Audit Log Validated Successfully
Audit Log Validation Failed
Audit Logging Backups
Audit Logging Miscellaneous
Audit Logging Order
Audit Logging Patient Record
Audit Logging Scheduling
Audit Logging Security Administration
Audit Logging SELECT Query
Audit Payment
Audits
Aug
August
Aunt
Auth
Auth/notes
Authenticate TOTP
Authenticate U2F
Authenticated API Users
Authenticating
Authenticating the user thus becomes an important factor in this endeavor
Authentication Argon Hash Memory Cost
Authentication argon hash memory cost. Suggest PHP Default unless you know what you are doing.
Authentication Argon Hash Thread Number
Authentication argon hash thread number. Suggest PHP Default unless you know what you are doing.
Authentication Argon Hash Time Cost
Authentication argon hash time cost. Suggest PHP Default unless you know what you are doing.
Authentication Bcrypt Hash Cost
Authentication bcrypt hash cost. Suggest PHP Default unless you know what you are doing.
Authentication Error
Authentication SHA512 Hash Rounds Number
Authentication SHA512 hash rounds number.
Authenticator
Authenticator apps are available for both ios and android devices at their respective app stores and is free to use
Author
Authorization
Authorization group
Authorization Status
Authorizations
Authorize
Authorize - any encounters
Authorize - any encounters (auth_a)
Authorize - my encounters
Authorize - my encounters (auth)
Authorize as my Electronic Signature.
Authorize or not as needed
Authorize.net
Authorize.Net
Authorized
Authorized Id
Authorized Only
Authorized Users
Authorizing
Authy
Auto Refraction
Auto Send
Auto Sign-Off [days]
Auto Transfer
Auto-Create New Encounters
Auto-generated
Auto-Refraction
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC)
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - 2011
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - 2014
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - 2014 Stage I
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - 2014 Stage II
Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) Tracking
Automated Measures (AMC)
Automated Voice Message permission
Automatic
Automatic from sale
Automatically applies correct extension on successful upload
Automatically create a new encounter when an appointment check in status is selected.
Automatically create a new encounter when appointment status is set to "@" (arrived).
Automatically Create Prescriptions
Automatically replicate justification codes in Fee Sheet
Automatically replicate justification codes in Fee Sheet (basically fills in the blanks with the justification code above it).
Automatically SFTP Claims To X12 Partner
Automobile Medical
AutoRef
autosaved
Auto{{autorefraction}}
Available Appointments Calendar
Available categories
Available Document
Available Recipients
Available Services
Available Templates
Available Times
Available Tracks
Avaric
Avery Label type for printing patient labels from popups in left nav screen
Avestan
Avg Monthly
AVM
AVM Confirmed
AVM OK
Avulsion / avulsion fracture
Avulsion lateral malleolus
Avulsion medial malleolus 
Awareness-Based
Axial Length
Axillary
Axis{{Axis in a glasses prescription}}
Axis{{Axis of a glasses prescription}}
AXIS{{Axis of a glasses prescription}}
AxLength{{axial Length}}
Aymara
Azerbaijani
b.i.d.
Back
back
Back eight visits
Back eleven visits
Back five visits
Back four visits
Back nine visits
Back one visit
Back Pain
Back Problems
Back seven visits
Back six visits
Back Surgery
Back ten visits
Back three visits
Back to Admin Page
Back to Client List
Back To Editor
Back to encounter
Back to Patient
Back To Patient
Back to patient dashboard
Back to Users
Back To View
Back twelve visits
Back two visits
Background Services
Backup
Backup Failed missing generated file
Backup file has been created. Will now send download.
Backup List
Backup Successfully taken in
Backup/Delete Log Data
Bad check
Bad debt
Bahasa Indonesia
Bal
Bal Due
Bal-Due
Balance
balance
Balance Amt
Balance Due
Balance Payment
Balanced
Bambara
Bank Draft
Barcode Label
Barcode Label Type
Barcode type for printing barcode labels from popups in left nav screen.
Base of fifth (5th) Metarsal
Base of fifth (5th) Metarsal:
Base URL for FHIR Server.
Base URL for FHIR Server. Url should end with /
Based on the individual practice's need the tests can be organized into various groups
Bashkir
Basic patient information is included, such as patient and provider information, insurance, patient health status, recent care provided, care plan information, and reason for referral or transfer
Basic Units
Basque
Batch Claim
Batch Communication Tool
Batch Communication Tool (batchcom)
Batch Payment Entry
Batch Payments
Batch processing initiated; this may take a while.
Batch Results
BatchCom
BAT{{Brightness Acuity Testing}}
BC{{Base Curve}}
Be careful with this feature. Back up your database and documents before using it!
Be patient, some files can take several minutes to process!
Be patient, this can take a while.
Be sure to branch it off the Well Woman Tests line (Tier 1), if properly branched both TSH and vitamin D should have a Tier value of 2
because that id does not exist.
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable
before
before (PM)
Before beginning to use the Fee Sheet read through this help page and do some preliminary setup.
Before proceeding to configuring the tests themselves you would need to review the values included in the standard release and make changes according to need
Before we proceed to create a Custom Group of Tests and save it as a Favorite a quick recap of the principles involved
Before you begin customization please ensure that all the ICD and CPT codes you will be needing have been entered into the database
Before you start entering data check the spreadsheet once again and make adjustments as needed
Before you try out electronic ordering you need to understand the issues involved
Begin
Begin and End date if information is available
Begin Date
Begin date if known
Beginning Account Balance
Beginning Date for Ledger Report
Beginning date of service yyyy-mm-dd
Beginning hour of day for calendar events.
Beginning of Current Work Week
Being a software application it can be compromised by malware that steals the secret key or by social engineering
Being irritable
Being restless
Being so restless that it's hard to sit still
Belarusian
Belching
Below link is only valid for one hour.
Below lower panic limits
Below this is a table that contains the existing transactions, if any, pertaining to the current patient
Benefit Type
Bengali
Bengali- Bangla
Best of Luck.
Best practice is to select Location(s) then a Category for the location then click the appropriate action button.
between
bg{{image canvas label}}
Bibliographic Citation
Bidirectional
Bifocal
Bifocals
Bihari
Bilateral
Bilateral:
Bill
Bill Date
Bill Date:
Bill Type
Bill/Collect
Billed
Billed Date
Billing
Billing (write optional)
Billing (write optional) (bill)
Billing - provides a summary of the balances - Patient Balance Due, Insurance Balance Due, Total Balance Due and lists the name of the Primary Insurance along with its effective date
Billing Address
Billing Attn
Billing Code Descriptions
Billing Code for Requested Service
Billing codes
Billing Data
Billing Department
Billing Facility
Billing Facility lets you choose the facility used for billing. To create and edit the billing facility go to Administration  > Facilities
Billing Information
Billing Location
Billing Log
Billing Log Append
Billing log is empty
Billing Log Option
Billing Log Overwrite
Billing log setting to append or overwrite the log file.
Billing Manager
Billing Note
Billing Note for 
Billing Note:
Billing queue results
Billing queue results:
Billing Report
Billing Status
Billing Status = Unbilled
billing to 
Billing View
Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Distance
Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Near
Biopsy
Birth Certificate
Birth Date
Birth-24 months
Birthing Center
Bislama
Black
Black lines show previously existing information.
Black list
Black Lung
Black or African American
Bladder Cancer
Bladder Infections
Blank
Blank Forms
Bleeding Problems
Blind Spots
Blindness
Bloating
Block all files types that are not found in the White List. Can find interface to edit the White List at Administration->Files.
Blocked
Blood
Blood Pressure
Blood pressure
Bloody Nose
Blue Cross Blue Shield
Blue lines in this report are informational.
Blue lines in this report are informational. Black lines show previously existing information.  Green lines show changes that were successfully applied.  Red lines indicate errors, or changes that were not applied; these must be processed manually.  Currently denied claims and payment reversals are not handled automatically and so will appear in red.
Blurred Vision
BMI
BMI Status
Body
Body Region
Body Site
Body site, if applicable
Bone Tenderness:
Bone Tenderness: Medial Malleolus
Boolean
Bosnian
Bot
Both
Both Ears
both ears
Both Name and Category will be highlighted yellow to provide an additional visual clue that this is an order. A fact that will be appreciated when several orders are entered in the system along with their respective groups and results
Both rendering and supervising providers can be set here
Bottom
Bottom Margin (px)
Box 10 - This information indicates whether the patient’s illness or injury is related to employment, auto accident, or other accident
Box 10 A. Employment related
BOX 10 A. Employment related 
Box 10 B. Auto Accident
BOX 10 B. Auto Accident 
Box 10 C. Other Accident
BOX 10 C. Other Accident 
Box 10 D - Is used to submit the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) Referral Code
Box 10 D. EPSDT Referral Code
BOX 10 D. EPSDT Referral Code
Box 10. a. Employment related:
Box 10. b. Auto Accident:
Box 10. c. Other Accident:
Box 10. d. EPSDT Referral Code:
Box 14 - It identifies the first date of onset of illness, the actual date of injury, or the LMP for pregnancy. Enter the date in the first box and select either Onset of Current Symptoms or Illness or LMP from the drop-down box
BOX 14 Date Qualifier
BOX 14. Is Populated from the Encounter Screen as the Onset Date
Box 14. Onset Date:
Box 15 - The Other Date identifies additional date information about the patient’s condition or treatment. Enter the date in the first box and select a qualifier from the drop-down box
BOX 15 Other Date Qualifier
BOX 15. Date of same or similar illness (yyyy-mm-dd):
BOX 15. Date of same or similar illness/Other Date (yyyy-mm-dd):
Box 15. Other Date:
Box 16 - Dates Patient Unable to Work in Current Occupation - is the time span the patient is or was unable to work
Box 16. Date unable to work from
BOX 16. Date unable to work from
BOX 16. Date unable to work from (yyyy-mm-dd):
Box 16. Date unable to work from:
Box 16. Date unable to work to
BOX 16. Date unable to work to
BOX 16. Date unable to work to (yyyy-mm-dd):
Box 16. Date unable to work to:
Box 17 - The name entered is the referring provider, ordering provider or supervising provider who referred, ordered, or supervised the service(s) or supply(ies) on the claim. If multiple providers are involved, enter one provider using the following priority order: 1. Referring Provider, 2. Ordering Provider, 3. Supervising Provider.
Box 17. Provider
BOX 17. Provider
Box 17. Provider Qualifier
BOX 17. Provider Qualifier
Box 17. Provider Qualifier:
Box 17. Provider:
Box 18 - The “Hospitalization Dates Related to Current Services” would refer to an inpatient stay and indicates the admission and discharge dates associated with the service(s) on the claim
Box 18. Hospitalization date from
BOX 18. Hospitalization date from
BOX 18. Hospitalization date from (yyyy-mm-dd): 
Box 18. Hospitalization date from:
Box 18. Hospitalization date to
BOX 18. Hospitalization date to
BOX 18. Hospitalization date to (yyyy-mm-dd): 
Box 18. Hospitalization date to:
Box 20 - Indicates that services have been rendered by an independent provider as indicated in Box 32 (Service Facility Location Information) and the related costs
Box 20. Is Outside Lab used?
BOX 20. Is Outside Lab used?
Box 22 - Medicaid Resubmission Code and Original Reference Number is the code and original reference number assigned by the destination payer or receiver to indicate a previously submitted claim or encounter
Box 22. Medicaid Resubmission Code (ICD-10)
Box 22. Medicaid Resubmission Code (ICD-9) 
BOX 22. Medicaid Resubmission Code (ICD-9) 
Box 23 - Prior Authorization Number is the payer assigned number authorizing the service(s)
Box 23. Prior Authorization No.
Box 23. Prior Authorization No. 
BOX 23. Prior Authorization No. 
BP
BP Diastolic
BP Systolic
BPD
Bpd
BPD-D{{abbreviation for Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Distance}}
BPD-N{{abbreviation for Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Near}}
BPS
Bps
Brand
Brand Name
Brazilian Portuguese
Breast
Breast Biopsy
Breast Discharge
Breast Disease
Breast Exam
Breast Mass
Breath
Breath Sounds:
Breton
Brightness Acuity Testing
Broken Bones
broken form
Bronchitis Form
Brother
Brow
Browse
Browse for Record
Bruising/haematoma
Build diagnoses list by clicking appropriate code button.
Build Your Plan
Bulgarian
Bulging Right:
Burmese
Burning with Urination
Burning With Urination
Business Associate Agreement
Business Phone
Busy
but Needs Review
but not yet processed.
Buttock
Buttock + S.I.
button to clear Location selections, "Send" button to send templates to patient(s) or profiles
by
By
By default Active Messages are displayed as indicated in the section below the Messages caption
By default all codes are selected, uncheck the codes you do not want and click 'Add'. These codes will then be added to the current encounter
By default only Demographics and Billing information is selected
By default only five dated reminders are shown at a time
By default the User Memberships section is selected and all the active registered users will be listed in alphabetical order by their user names.
by mouth
By selecting a payment method the rates calculated for that payment method will be automatically displayed in 'Selected Fee Sheet Codes and Charges for Current Encounter' section
By/Source
By:
by{{made by/manufacturer}}
B{{both sides}}
C
C/D Ratio{{cup to disc ration}}
C3 statistical reports.
C3 Statistics Reporting
CA Certificate for verifying the RFC 5425 TLS syslog server.
Cache Lifetime (in seconds)
Cache template output?
Caffeine
Caffeine consumption
Calendar
Calendar Ending Hour
Calendar Interval
Calendar Screen
Calendar Settings
Calendar Settings (calendar)
Calendar Starting Hour
Calendar UI
Calendar View
calendar_external to events
Call Back Notes
Call to addForm() goes here.<br>
Callback
Callback Performed
Callback requested
Calories
Cambodian
CAMOS
Can not determine OS!
Can not find where to insert.
Can not set this unless the Summary of Care Sent toggle is set.
Can't find file!
Can't upload
Canada
Cancel
cancel
Cancel Appointment
Cancel Changes
Cancel Payment
Cancel/Exit
Canceled
Canceled < 24h
Cancelled
Cancer
Cancer Screening: Colon Cancer Screening
Cancer Screening: Mammogram
Cancer Screening: Pap Smear
Cancer Screening: Prostate Cancer Screening
Cannot add this entry because it already exists!
Cannot add to archive
Cannot add/update this entry because a duplicate already exists!
cannot be archived, ignored
cannot be converted to JPEG. Perhaps ImageMagick is not installed?
cannot be deleted, ignored
cannot be displayed inline because its type is not supported by the browser.
cannot be displayed inline becuase its type is not supported by the browser
cannot be displayed inline becuase its type is not supported by the browser.
Cannot be used in case of the absence of the cellular coverage
Cannot close because there are charges. Check out instead.
Cannot create
Cannot create file
Cannot delete (from SFTP server) file
Cannot delete file
Cannot determine a destination filename
Cannot find 
Cannot find a destination filename
Cannot find a skip source field for
Cannot find a skip target field for
Cannot find patient from SQL-Ledger customer id
Cannot find postscript document reference in 
Cannot find provider from SQL-Ledger employee = 
Cannot Modify Payments.Undistributed is Negative.
Cannot open
Cannot open 
Cannot Post for Insurance.The Paying Entity selected is Patient.
Cannot Post for Patient.The Paying Entity selected is Insurance.
Cannot Post Payments.Undistributed is Negative.
Cannot read
Cannot read directory
Cannot update because you are not editing an existing entry!
Capitalize
Capitalize all
capsule
Card
Card CVV
Card Expiry Date
Card Expiry Date and Card Holders Zip
Card Holder Zip
Card Name
Card Number
Card Type
Cardiac
Cardiac Catheterization
Cardiac Echo
Cardiovascular
Care Coordination
Care Coordination Only
Care documentation
Care giver
Care Plan
Care Plan Form
Care plan recommendations
Care Team
Careful planning is essential before entering the tests to ensure subsequent ease of use and proper display of results
Carotid Bruit
Carotid{{carotid arteries}}
Cartilage / chondral / disc damage
Cartilage injury
Cartoid pulsations nl, pedal pulses nl
CAR{{carotid arteries}}
cash
Cash
Cash Rec
Cash Receipts by Provider
Catalan- Valencian
Cataract
Cataract Surgery
Cataracts
Categories
Categories for
Category
category
Category 
Category - Order, Result and Recommendation need an identifying code
Category changed.
Category Color Schema
Category Details
Category Limits
Category Name
Category name is empty
Category/Title
Caucasian
Causes Receipts to Print Encounter/Primary Provider Info
cc Distance{{with correction at distance}}
cc Near{{with correction at Near}}
CCD
CCDA
CCDA or QRDA Cat I
ccDist{{ACT with Correction Distance}}
ccDist{{with correction distance}}
ccNear{{ACT with Correction Near}}
ccNear{{with correction at near}}
CCR
CCR Approve
CCR Patient Review
CCR Review and Approve
CC{{Chief Complaint}}
cc{{with correction}}
CC{{with correction}}
CDA defines building blocks which can be used to contain healthcare data elements that can be captured, stored, accessed, displayed and transmitted electronically for use and reuse in many formats
CDA or Clinical Document Architecture is a document standard developed by the HL7 organization
CDC Code
CDC-NIP Code
CDR
CDR Reports Processing Priority
Cell
Cell Phone
Cell phone number
Cell Phone Number
Centered Layout
Central Certification
Central Macular Thickness
Central/South American
Certificate Authority crt file location cannot be empty
Certificate Authority key file location cannot be empty
Certificate to send to RFC 5425 TLS syslog server.
Certificate User
Certificates
Cervical Cancer Reporting
Cervical cancer statistical reports.
Chamorro
ChampUS
ChampUSVA
change
Change
Change Activity
Change any item available and when ready click Send for review. The changes will be flagged and staff notified to review changes before commiting them to chart. During the time period before changes are reviewed the Revised button will show Pending and profile data is still available for changes. When accessing profile in pending state all previous edits will appear in Blue and current chart values in Red. You may revert any edit to chart value by clicking that red item (or vica versa) but remember that when you click Send for Review then items that populate the field items are the ones that are sent. Revert Edits button changes everything back to chart values and you may make changes from there. So to recap: Items in BLUE are patient edits with items in RED being original values before any edits.
Change any item available and when ready click Send for review. The changes will be flagged and staff notified to review changes before committing them to chart. During the time period before changes are reviewed the Revised button will show Pending and profile data is still available for changes. When accessing profile in pending state all previous edits will appear in Blue and current chart values in Red. You may revert any edit to chart value by clicking that red item (or vica versa) but remember that when you click Send for Review then items that populate the field items are the ones that are sent. Revert Edits button changes everything back to chart values and you may make changes from there. So to recap: Items in BLUE are patient edits with items in RED being original values before any edits.
Change Credentials
Change failed! CouchDB connect error?
Change in Vision
Change In Vision
Change or keep current. Enter 12 to 80 characters. Recommended to include symbols and numbers but not required.
Change Password
Change Password for
Change Portal Credentials
Change Status for
Change your password before it expires on
Changed
Changed Bowel
Changes the current theme to be more compact.
Changes the layout of the login page.
Changing patient ID for document
Changing the status to Done will remove the message from the active message list
Changing the status to New will achieve the same result
Changing the status to Read would leave it as a read message in the active messages list of the current user
Channels
Characteristics
Characters Remaining
Charge
Charge adjustment
Charge Coded
Charge Total
Charges
Charges for
Chart
Chart Activity
Chart Check-in/out Activity Report
Chart History
Chart ID
Chart ID:
Chart Label
Chart Location Activity
Chart Note
Chart Number
Chart pulled
Chart Storage Locations
Chart to
Chart to Category
Chart Tracker
Chart Trk
Chart View
Charting History.
Charts Checked Out
Charts Out
Chat
Chat history
Chat Messaging
Chechen
Check
check
Check All
Check All - Components
Check Amount
Check and adjust the settings in the standard release
Check Date
Check expiration dates.
Check for differences of translations with custom language table.
Check if a help file exists for this page in
Check if this is a cognitive status. Unchecked is a functional status
Check if you plan to print postcards locally
Check if you plan to send postcards via MedEx
Check if you plan to use Avery Labels for Reminders or Recalls
Check In
Check In To
Check Input Data
Check items to graph
Check Lab Results
Check mark indicates reviewed
Check No
Check Number
Check or Reference Number
Check Out
Check Out Time
Check Payment
Check the box if this is an encrypted file
Check the CPOE (Computerized Provider Order Entry) check-box
Check the Enable phiMail Direct Messaging Service check-box
Check the Sequence numbers
Check this if you want providers to see all appointments by default and not just their own.
Check this to go live. Not checked is testing mode.
Check to create problem from this diagnosis
Check your email inbox (and possibly your spam folder) for further instructions to register. If you have not received an email, then recommend contacting the clinic.
Check your email inbox (and possibly your spam folder) for further instructions to reset your password. If you have not received an email, then recommend contacting the clinic.
Check/EOB Date
Check/EOB Date:
Check/EOB No.
Check/EOB No.:
Check/Ref Number
Check/Reference Number
Checkbox list
checkbox list
checkbox w/ text
Checkbox w/text
Checkbox(es)
Checkboxes above indicate if you want to reject and delete the HL7 file.
Checkboxes w/text
Checked
checked
Checked box = yes ,  empty = no
Checked box = yes, empty = no
Checked Drug Formulary?
Checked Out
Checked out
Checking any of the check boxes will result in a Yes on the CMS 1500 form
Checking the Groups and Access Controls checkbox will reveal this section that lists all the categories with sub-categories (ACOs), i.e. the parts of the program controlled by the access control list privileges.
Checking the lock checkbox will prevent any futher edits on any forms in this encounter.
Checking the Postcards check box will let you print a postcard that can be mailed to a patient
Checkout
Checkout Receipt Note
Checkout Receipt Ref
checksum
Checksum
Chest
Chest CTAB
Chest Pain
Chest Pain:
Chest Pains
Chest physician
Chg
Chichewa- Chewa- Nyanja
Chief Complaint
Chief Complaint 2
Chief Complaint 3
Child
Child in-law
Childhood immunization Status (CQM)
Chills
Chinese
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Chiropractic
Choices
Cholecystectomy
cholecystectomy
Cholecystestomy
Choose
choose
Choose a period or dates (YYYY-MM-DD)
Choose a section and click an item within it; then in the other section you will see the related items highlighted, and you can click in that section to add and delete relationships.
Choose constant column
Choose Criteria
Choose CSV table
Choose definition column
Choose Download or Display Inline
Choose either current provider or current logged in provider
Choose file
Choose File
Choose from list
Choose Layout Direction
Choose list
Choose one if appropriate
Choose one of the four return values that reflect varying degrees of privilege.
Choose Paper Size
Choose Patient
Choose PDF languange Preference
Choose print format for this encounter report.
Choose the layout (need to logout and then login to see this new setting).
Choose your default encounter view
Chrome browser version 41 and above, Mozilla Firefox browser version 64 and above, Microsoft Edge browser version 19 and above, Safari browser version 13 and above, Opera browser version 40 and Opera browser version 42 and above support FIDO U2F API
Chronic Bronchitis
Chronic Joint Pain
Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD)
Chronic or Inactive Problems
Chronic Problems
Chronic synovitis / effusion / joint pain / gout
Chronic/Inactive Problems
Chronic/Recurrent
Chuvash
Cigs
Cipher failure check encryption key
Cirrhosis of the Liver
Cirrhosis Of The Liver
City
City and state must both be filled out
City Name
City, State
City, State Zip
City, State, ZIP
City,St,Zip
City/State
Claim
Claim 
Claim Edit
Claim File Tracker
Claim Status
Claim test has completed running
Claim Type
Claim was generated to file
Claim was generated to file 
Claims
claims selected.
Class
Classification
Clear
clear
Clear 2FA
CLEAR ACTIVE PATIENT
CLEAR ACTIVE THERAPY GROUP
Clear All
Clear Filters
Clear history
Clear HL7 Data
Clear Insurance Debt
Clear Justification
Clear Left side values
Clear Log
Clear OD{{right eye}} values
Clear Pad
Clear Right side values
Clear Signature
Clear Smarty Cache
Clear the log
Clearing house info required for EDI 270 batch creation.
CLIA Number
Click
Click 'export' to export your Category, Subcategory, Item, Content data to a text file. Any resemblance of this file to an XML file is purely coincidental. The opening and closing tags must be on the same line, they must be lowercase with no spaces. To import, browse for a file and click 'import'. If the data is completely different, it will merge with your existing data. If there are similar item names, The old one will be kept and the new one saved with a number added to the end.
Click 'Save'
Click 'Save'. Now you will be able to use the Search feature to search all ICD 10 codes
Click a spot on the graphic to add a new annotation, click it again to remove it
Click and drag bottom right corner to resize this display
Click Browse and select one Electronic Remittance Advice (ERA) file...
Click Close to exit the Select Codes pop-up page
Click Download Certificate to download the certificates in the file ssl.zip
click for more
Click for more details
Click for order summary
Click for results
Click for Shorthand Help.
Click Got it icon to dismiss this alert forever.
Click here
Click Here to add a new patient.
Click here to add new injury change status and edit daily activity
Click here to add new row
Click here to choose a date
Click here to choose a date and time
Click here to choose a start date
Click here to choose date time
Click here to choose date time from
Click here to choose date time to
Click Here to Configure This module
Click here to delete all options
Click here to delete the row
Click here to delete the selection
Click Here to Disable This module
Click here to duplicate the row
Click here to edit list of available Lens Materials
Click here to edit list of available Lens Treatment Options
Click here to Edit the Contact Lens Brand List
Click here to Edit the Course/Occurrence List
Click here to Edit the Manufacter List
Click here to Edit the Supplier List
Click here to Edit this Doctor\'s Plan options
Click here to Edit this Doctor\'s Quick Pick list
Click here to Edit this Provider\'s Exam Default values
Click Here to Enable This module
Click Here to Install ACL for module
Click Here to Install SQL for module
Click Here to Install This module
click here to search
Click here to see observation results
Click Here to UnRegister this Module
click here to update priority, category and nickname settings
click here to update priority, category, nickname and access control settings
Click Here to Upgrade ACL for module
Click Here to Upgrade SQL for module
Click here to view all.
Click here to view and graph
Click here to view and graph all labdata.
Click here to view and graph all vitals.
Click here to view patient details
Click here to view them all.
Click here to view/edit more details
Click in signature
Click in signature on file
Click Install button to install database release from the following date
Click me to Open Patient Dashboard
Click OK if you are sure.
Click OK to Clear or Cancel to continue processing.
Click OK to import these patients into the patient input box
Click Okay if you are sure you want to cancel this appointment?
Click on Add to bring up the Add/Edit Issue pop-up page
Click on Add to List button to add to the bottom section
Click on any of the time parts to increase it
Click on Create New Transaction to open the Add/Edit Patient Transaction page
Click on either the Invoice Search button on the far right, for manual entry or ERA Upload button for uploading an entire electronic remittance advice ERA file
Click on the 'Add Group' button to create this new group (ARO).
Click on the + sign adjacent to the Serum Uric Acid test Name to reveal the newly created Result line
Click on the + sign at the far end of the Blood Glucose line to bring up the Enter Details pop-up in the Add Mode
Click on the Add icon at the far end of the Serum Chemistry line
Click on the Add New dropdown box and select an option
Click on the Allergy/Intolerance button
Click on the black + sign at the far end of the Well Woman Tests line to create a direct descendant or child to this Custom Top Group
Click on the black + sign on the Electrolyte Panel line to create a direct descendant or child
Click on the blue + sign to see the Procedure Order that was saved
Click on the blue plus sign under Name to reveal test names
Click on the Diagnosis Codes box to open the Select Diagnosis Codes pop-up window
Click on the File menu item on the top left of the Message center page ansd select Setup MedEx
Click on the icon next to the 'Access Control List Administration' title to go to the phpGACL page.
Click on the Issues menu item to bring up the Issues page
Click on the Ledger menu item in the navigation bar to to enter the Patient Ledger page
Click on the Name text box on the left section to bring up the patient finder pop-up
Click on the New Recall button to open a new recall scheduling page
Click on the the following link to learn more about what is involved.
Click Patient Name to Open Patient File
Click Refresh and click on the blue + mark that precedes the name Serum Chemistry
Click Refresh to view all results, or please input search criteria above to view specific results.
Click Register to register the TOTP
Click Save
Click Save and then Refresh
Click Save to close the pop-up
Click Save to close the pop-up window
Click Save to create a new line with a Name of Well Womans Tests preceded by a vertical line indicating that it has no descendants or children
Click Save to save and close the pop-up
Click Save to save this problem
Click the 'Add New Group' button to display the 'New Group Information' section.
Click the 'Delete Group' button to completely remove this group.
Click the 'Remove Group' button to display the 'Remove Group Form'.
Click the 'Yes' radio button.
Click the Clear button to clear the imported patient names and start afresh
Click the Clear button to start afresh
Click the Delete button to delete all selected codes or select individual codes to be deleted from the drop-down box adjacent to the delete button and then click the Delete button
Click the pencil icon to grant and remove access privileges to the selected user
Click the Save button
Click the Search for Allergy button
Click the slashed-eye icon to close.
Click the Submit button to display the main log
Click the Transmit button to reveal the Direct address box
Click this to display/hide additional tests
Click to activate and send to this recipient.
Click to add a diagnosis
Click to add diagnosis for this test
Click to add HCFA 1500 miscellaneous billing options
Click to add new components
Click to add new consultation
Click to add patient
Click to choose diagnoses to justify.
Click to Contract and set to henceforth open in Centered mode
Click to display shorthand field names.
Click to download
Click to edit
Click to edit description
Click to edit this event
Click to Expand and set to henceforth open in Expanded mode
Click to expand or collapse All active patient templates panel.
Click to expand or collapse Assigned Patients panel.
Click to expand or collapse Repository templates panel.
Click to generate the report
Click to go to page
Click to Hide
Click to hide advanced search
Click to Hide Filters
Click to hide search
Click to learn more about the Clinical Document Architecture (CDA) and Consolidated CDA (C-CDA)
Click to make chat this current recipient only...
Click to manually configure access control, recommended for advanced users
Click to match patient
Click to open in a new window or tab
Click to print
Click to Re-Send this fax
Click to receive (add) new lot
Click to reveal more information
Click to review the Directory of Service for this test
Click to search past and current diagnoses history
Click to see more information
Click to select
Click To Select
Click to select a default diagnosis or procedure code for this order
Click to select an industry-standard code for this procedure
Click to select diagnosis or procedure code to default to order
Click to select group
Click to select optional procedure code
Click to select or change coding
Click to select or change CVX code
Click to select or change diagnoses
Click to select or change service codes
Click to select patient
Click to select related code
Click to select RXCUI code
Click to select services to perform if this result is abnormal
Click to select services to perform if this result is abnormal.
Click to select services to perform if this result is abnormal. This is optional
Click to select the desired procedure
Click to Show
Click to show advanced search
Click to Show Filters
Click to show messages for all users
Click to show messages for only the current user
Click to show search
Click to sort
Click to start or end sql server activity checks.
Click to use procedure code from code popup
Click to view
Click to view Help
Click to view or edit
Click to view.
Click to view/edit
Click Update List to display billing information filtered by the selected Current Criteria
Click Upgrade button to upgrade database release from the following date
click View Log and review for errors.
Click where indicated above to match the patient.
Click:
Clicking on 'Review' will list all the codes entered for previous encounters
Clicking on either the Enter Name or Enter ID tab will bring up the search box which you can use to select a patient
Clicking on Set As Completed will remove the reminder from the active display
Clicking on the + button on the patient header panel opens the New Encounter Form
Clicking on the Add Issue button brings up the add issue pop-up box
Clicking on the Coding cell will bring up the Educational materials pop-up that will let you search by ICD10 code
Clicking on the Create A Dated Reminder button will bring up the Send a Reminder popup
Clicking on the Create Online/Offsite Portal Credentials button will generate a username and password for the patient that has to be given to the patient
Clicking on the Delete button will delete the message
Clicking on the first cell under Title will bring up the Add/Edit Issue pop-up page that will let you edit this entry
Clicking on the icon next to the caption will display everyone's messages and the caption will change to All Messages
Clicking on the icon next to their name will bring up the 'Edit' window.
Clicking on the Miscellaneous > MFA Management menu item or User Name > MFA Management menu item brings you to the landing page for managing the multi factor authentication page for that user
Clicking on the patient's name will reveal the message
Clicking on the pencil icon will enter the Edit mode and will display the Enter Details pop-up window that was used to create the entry displayed on this line
Clicking on the Show All or Show Inactive buttons will show the appropriate messages
Clicking on the slashed eye icon will hide the filters
Clicking on the View Log button will bring up the Dated Message Log popup
Clicking Options will present a multiselection drop menu to add behaviors to the selected data type. Typing after pull down activates allows search in options.
Clicking the button will reveal a popup that will list the E/M codes, check the appropriate code and click 'OK'
Clicking the Transmit button will open up a text box where the Direct address of the recipient needs to be entered
Client APP ID:
Client Certificate Expiration Days
Client certificate passphrase
Client certificate validation period
Client certificate validity should be a valid number.
Client Copy
Client failed to save. Check system logs
Client ID
Client List of IVE Activity
Client medical history summary
Client Name
Client Name / Client ID
Client Number
Client Profile - New Clients
Client Profile - Unique Clients
Client Receipt
Client Registrations
Client Secret APP ID:
Client Type
Clients
Clinic
Clinic Copy
Clinic Daily Record
Clinic ID
Clinical
Clinical Decision Rules Alert Manager
Clinical documents are produced by arranging or limiting CDA elements in defined ways using templates and Implementation Guides (IG)
Clinical History
Clinical Instructions
Clinical Instructions Form
Clinical Notes Form
Clinical Plans
Clinical Quality Measures (CQM)
Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) - 2011
Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) - 2014
Clinical Reminders
Clinical Reminders - is a widget that displays the Passive Alerts for a Clinical Decision Rule
Clinical Reminders/Alerts (write,addonly optional)
Clinical Reminders/Alerts (write,addonly optional) (alert)
Clinical Reports
Clinical Rule Action Category
Clinical Rule Action Item
Clinical Rule Filter Methods
Clinical Rule Target Methods
Clinical Rules
Clinical Rules Age Intervals
Clinical Rules Comparisons
Clinical Rules Encounter Types
Clinical Rules Reminder Due Options
Clinical Rules Reminder Inactivation Options
Clinical Rules Reminder Intervals
Clinical Rules Reminder Methods
Clinical Rules Target Intervals
Clinical targets
Clinical Term
Clinical Term Code(s)
Clinical View
Clinicians
Clone
Clone Past Visit
Close
close
Close All Current Rx Panels and make this a Preference to stay closed
Close and make this a Preference to stay closed
Close form without saving answers
Close Patient Chart
Close this panel and delete this Rx
Close this panel and make this a Preference to stay closed
Close Window
close window
Close...
Closed
cm
CMS 1500 Form
CMS 1500 incl FORM
CMS 1500 Margins
CMS 1500 Margins Left
CMS 1500 Paper Form Format
CMS 1500 PDF
CMS 1500 PREPRINTED FORM
CMS 1500 TEXT
CMS 1500 was revised on 2012-02-01 and is hence called Form 1500 (02-12) and is set to expire on 2020-03-31. As of April 1, 2014 only the revised, 02-12 version is accepted.
CMS 1500: Box 31 Format
CMS 1500: Date in Box 31 (Signature)
CMS ID
CMS ID For Encounter Claims
CMS Margins Left
CMS Portal
CMS Portal Login
CMS Portal Login ID
CMS Portal not enabled!
CMS Portal Password
CMS Portal Request
CMS Portal Site Address
CMS Portal Username
Cmsportal Login
CMT{{Central Macular Thickness}}
CN VII{{cranial nerve seven}}
CN V{{cranial nerve five}}
CN2-12 intact
CN5{{cranial nerve five}}
CN7{{cranial nerve seven}}
Co Pay
Co Pay Paid
Co-managing/referring provider
Co-Pay
CO-PAY
Co-Payment
Code
code
Code Description
Code Finder
Code must be two letter lowercase
Code or symbol to indicate currency
Code Search
Code Text
Code Type
code type
Code type not recognized
Code type not yet defined
Code Types
Code(s)
Coded
Codes
Codes - Leave blank
Coding
Coding (click for education)
Coding - any encounters (write,wsome optional)
Coding - any encounters (write,wsome optional) (coding_a)
Coding - my encounters (write,wsome optional)
Coding - my encounters (write,wsome optional) (coding)
Coding complete
Coding done
Coding Engine
Coding not authorized
Coffee
Coffee Use
Cognitive
Coins
Coinsurance
Coll w/o
Collaborator
Collapse
collapse
Collapse All
Collapse all
collapse all
Collect For
Collect Payment
Collected
Collected By
Collection Date
Collection Date/Time
Collections
Collections Report
Colon Cancer
Colon Cancer Screening
Colon Cancer Surgery
Colonoscopy
colonoscopy
Color
Color for even sets (except when last set is even and all member appointments are displayed and at least one subsequent scheduled appointment exists (not displayed) or not all member appointments are displayed).
Color for odd sets (except when last set is odd and all member appointments are displayed and at least one subsequent scheduled appointment exists (not displayed) or not all member appointments are displayed).
Color for the last set when all member appointments are displayed and at least one subsequent scheduled appointment exists (not displayed).
Color for the last set when not all member appointments are displayed.
Color Vision
Color:Abbr
Column
Columns
Combine Reminders
Combining Lots
Comma
Comma-separated list of login names to use normal authentication instead of LDAP; useful for setup and debugging.
Comment
Comments
comments
Comments about change request
Comments are required
Comments field entry present
Comments for this result or recommendation
Commercial Insurance Co.
Commit Changes
Committed Changes
Committing changes. Please Wait
Commonly used standards are HOTP (hash-based one-time password, RFC4226), TOTP (time-based one-time password or OCRA (OATH challenge-response algorithm, RFC6287) that were developed and are supported by the OATH (Initiative for Open Authentication)
Communication
Communication Engine
Communications
Community health physician
Community Mental Health Center
Company
Company Name
Complete
Complete Visit Time
Completed
completed
Completed Ad
Completed?
Completely remove the ability to display the Patient Flow Board.
Completion Status
Complications by Service Provider
Complications of Abortion
Components
Compose Message
Compose new
Compose New Message
Compose Reply Message
Comprehensive
Comprehensive Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility
Compute
Computer Aided Medical Ordering System
Concerning the General category. After being assigned to an active view, the General template will always appear as a base template in portal Pending documents i.e no category and as Default in the dashboard view.
Conclusions
Condition
Condition field not found
Condition Status
Conditions
Confidential
Confidential apps are applications that are able to safely and securely store a secret. Browser based and many mobile applications do not satisfy this security constraint
Config
Configuration
Configuration Export/Import
Configuration saved successfully
Configure Apache and OpenEMR to use Client side SSL certificates.
Configure Apache to use Client side SSL certificates
Configure Apache to use HTTPS.
Configure Openemr to use Client side SSL certificates
Configure Orders and Results
Configure Orders Help
Configure the lab test structure
Configure tracks
Configure Tracks
Configuring Multiple Orders
Configuring multiple orders
Confirm
Confirm Create New Patient
Confirm Email Address
Confirm New Password
Confirm Password
Confirm Payment
Confirm to Delete Current Thread?
Confirm to Delete Selected?
Confirm to remove item
Confirm Username
Confirmed
Conflicted Allergies
Conflicted Medications
Conflicted Problems
Congenital
Congratulations for enabling 2FA
Conjuntiva, pupils
Conj{{Conjunctiva}}
Connection error
Connectors
Cons
Constant
Constant Name
constant name
Constant name is blank
constants
Constipation
Constitutional
Construction Firm
Consultant physician
Consultation Brief Description
Consultation Notes - 2008
Consumable
Consumable Only
Consumption
Contact
Contact Email
Contact Email Address
Contact EMR Direct to subscribe to the phiMail Direct messaging service
Contact https://online.wenoexchange.com to sign up for Weno Free eRx service.
contact info
Contact Information
Contact Lens
Contact Lens Refraction
Contact Lenses
Contact Medical Information Integration, LLC at http://mi-squared.com for Lab Exchange Service.
Contact Medical Information Integration, LLC at http://mi-squared.com or ZH Healthcare at http://zhservices.com for subscribing the eRx service
Contact Medical Information Integration, LLC at http://mi-squared.com or ZH Healthcare at http://zhservices.com for subscribing to the NewCrop eRx service.
Contact mi-squared at http://www.mi-squared.com/products-services/openemr/ or ZH Healthcare at https://blueehr.com/contact-us/ for subscribing to the NewCrop eRx service.
Contact name
Contact Open Med Practice, www.openmedpractice.com for subscribing to the Weno Free eRx service.
Contact or Notify Phone
Contact Person
Contact Phone
Contact Phone Number
Contact Relationship
Contact your Lab representative.
Contact ZMG, LLC (zmghealth@gmail.com) for subscribing the eRx service
Contacts
contain at least three of the four following items:
Container Group Name
Content
content
Contents
Context
Context name can\'t be empty
Continue
Continue Assessment
Continue completes selected billing option normally.
Continuity of Care Document
Continuity of Care Document (CCD)
Continuity of Care Document (CCD) is an electronic document containing patient specific information that aids in continuity of care
Continuity of Care Document (CCD) is meant to be created at the conclusion of an encounter prior to transfer of care to enable the next provider to easily access such information
Continuity of Care Record (CCR)
Contra Clients
Contraception
Contraception Form; Acceptors New to Modern Contraception
Contraception Issues
Contraceptive Complication (specify)
Contraceptive Method
Contraceptive Products
Contraceptive services previously started
Contraceptives Start
Contrast Acuity
Contrast Acuity Testing
Contrastart
Contrast{{Constrast Visual Acuity}}
Control ID
Control No.
Controlled Substance?
Convergence
Convergence Amps
Conversation
Conversation from
Convert a JavaScript object into a JSON string, and send it to the server.
Convert between plus and minus cylinder
Coordinating Counselors
COPAY
Copay
CoPay
Copay not positive
Copay Paid
Copays
COPD
Copy Left to Right
Copy OD{{right eye}} values to
Copy OS{{left eye}} values to
Copy Pages to Patient Chart
Copy Right to Left
Copy these values into current visit.
Copy to Layout...
Copy Values
Copying the database file. This will take some time...
Copyright Notice
Cor Disease
Core
Cornea
Cornish
Coronary Artery Bypass
Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG)
Corrected
Corsican
CouchDB
CouchDB Connection Failed.
CouchDB Connection SSL
CouchDB Database
CouchDB database name
CouchDB Error Log
CouchDB error log is empty
CouchDB host
CouchDB HostName
CouchDB Log Enable
CouchDB Password
CouchDB Port
CouchDB port
CouchDB save failed
CouchDB SSL Allow Selfsigned Certificate
CouchDB UserName
Cough
Cough:
could not connect to server
Could not create directory for X12 partner 
Could not find RxNorm Table! Please install.
Could not import the document. Please contact the EMR vendor.
could not install ACL
could not open table
Could not read file
Could not read the file
could not run sql query
Could not send email due to a server problem, 
Could not send email due to a server problem.
Could not send email due to a server problem. 
Couldn't create backup dir:
Couldn't remove dir:
Couldn't remove old backup file:
Couldn't remove old export file: 
Coumadin Management - INR Monitoring
Couns by Method
Counseling
Counseling activities
Counselors
Counter Referral Form
COUNTER REFERRAL FORM
Counter-Referral
Country
Country Code
Country Data Type
Country list
Country List (write,addonly optional)
Country List (write,addonly optional) (country)
Country Name should be represent in two letters. (Example: United States is US)
county
County
Coupon
Course
Cousin
Coverage Level
Coverage Period
Coverage Type
CPOE
CPT
CPT Code
CPT Codes
CPT4 Procedure/Service
CPTII Performance Measures
CQM
CQM (Mixed Types) Value Set
CR (Wet)
Crackles:
Cranial Nerve 5: Trigeminal Nerve
Cranial Nerve 7: Facial Nerve
cream
Create
Create a Client side SSL certificate for each user or client machine.
Create a client side SSL certificate for either a user or a client hostname.
CREATE A COUNTER-REFERRAL
Create A Dated Reminder
CREATE A LOCATION FOR RESULTS
Create a new track
CREATE A REFERRAL
Create a reminder to schedule a future visit
Create a reminder to schedule a future visit.
CREATE A SIMPLE TRANSACTION TYPE
Create a spreadsheet in openoffice/LibreOffice, have 5 columns - CPT Code, Description, Standard, Credit Card and Cash. Fill in the values. From this spreadsheet manually copy and paste the values via Administration > Codes
CREATE A TOP LEVEL CUSTOM GROUP
CREATE A TOP LEVEL ENTRY
Create an Event
CREATE AN ORDER
Create an Order for a Panel of Tests
Create an Order for a Single Test
Create and download a full backup
Create and modify tracks
Create Backup
Create batch
Create Client Certificate
Create Client side SSL certificates
Create custom white list of MIME content type of a files to secure your documents system
Create Date
Create Duplicate
Create Encounter
Create Eventlog Backup
Create follow-up encounter
Create new issue
Create New Message
Create New Patient
Create New Referral
Create new Track
Create New Transaction
Create Offsite Portal Credentials
Create Online Portal Credentials
Create Onsite Portal Credentials
Create Patient
Create Patient Note
CREATE THE CUSTOM ORDERS
Create the SSL Certificate Authority and Server certificates.
Create Visit
Created
Created Definitions
Created Definitions List
Creates a report that contains various sections of the patient's medical record
Creating a Custom Favorite Group to order frequently ordered tests together 
Creating a Custom Group of Tests as Favorites
CREATING A NEW DATED REMINDER
CREATING A NEW MESSAGE
Creating and Managing Encounters
Creating anyway
Creating export file
Creating new track failed
Creating this file on remote host failed
Creator
Credentials Reset. Below link is only valid for one hour.
credit
Credit
Credit Card
Credit Card Pay
Credit Card Pay in Person
Credit Card Pay over Phone
Credit Charge
Credit or Debit Card
Credits
Cree
Criteria
Criteria Actions
Croatian
Crohn\'s Disease
Crohns Disease
crt_user
CR{{Cycloplegic Refraction}}
CSV
CSV Export
CSV File
CSV Tables
CSV to calendar_external table
CTL
CTL{{Contact Lens Vision}}
CTL{{Contact Lens}}
CU.MM
Cuban
Cup
Currency Decimal Places
Currency Decimal Point Symbol
Currency Designator
Currency Thousands Separator
Current
Current Alcohol
Current Authentication Method for
Current Authentication Method for the logged in user
Current Charges
Current Consultation
Current Criteria
Current Day
Current day highlight color
Current every day smoker
Current Eye Meds
Current file name was changed to
Current Glasses
Current Hash
Current Location
Current Logged in User
Current Medications
Current on record trusted email
Current Password
Current password to authorize changes.
Current Patient
Current Patient Only
Current patient unavailable here. Use Patient Documents
Current Physician
Current Provider
Current Pt Only
Current Recipients
Current Recreational Drugs
Current RX
Current some day smoker
Current Status
Current Status Time
Current Target
Current trusted email address on record.
Current user
Current Value
Current Working Procedure Diagnoses
Currently Active
Currently Busy
Currently Busy{{Service}}
Currently off-line
Currently Running
Currently there are 5 types of transactions in OpenEMR
Currently there are no facilities.
Currently working on making this document
Cushing Syndrom
Cushing Syndrome
Custodial Care Facility
Custodian
Custom
Custom Billing Phone Number
Custom Checkout Receipt
Custom Favorite Group - to group individual tests 
Custom Favorite Group > Custom Favorite Item > Discrete results
Custom Favorite Group and Custom Favorite Item is used to create customized groups of orders
Custom Favorite Item  - for individual orders or tests
Custom Greeting
Custom input?
Custom Order
Custom Report
Custom Statement message
Custom Sub Group
Custom Table
Custom text for Flow Board postcards. After changing text, print samples before printing mass quantities!
Custom Top Group
Customer
Customers in Checkout and Receipt
Customize the Fee Sheet
Customize the Transaction Form
CVV
Cvx Code
CVX Code
CVX Code Mapping
CVX Immunization
CV{{Cardiovascular}}
Cycle
Cyclo 1%
CycloMydril
Cycloplegic (Wet) Refraction
Cyl{{Cylinder}}
CYL{{Cylinder}}
CYP
CYP Factor
CYP Report
CYP statistical reports.
CYP Statistics Reporting
Czech
D
D&C
D&E
D&V Full OU{{Ductions and Versions full both eyes}}
D.O.B.
daily
Daily Record
Daily Report
Daily statistical reports.
Daily Statistics Reporting
Daily Summary Report
Danish
Dashboard
Dashboard - summarizes all patient related information
Dashboard{{patient file}}
Data Alike is already in database, please change code and/or description
Data Alike is already in database, please change constant name
Data Cols
Data Enterer
Data Entry - Social Security Number
Data Error
Data from
Data integrity has been compromised
data of all encounters so far
Data Section
Data Type
Database
Database and Access Control upgrade finished.
Database is not installed.
Database name
Database Patch
Database Reporting
Database Reporting (database)
Database upgrade finished.
DataCols must be a number between 1 and 999
Date
date
DATE
Date & Time Administered
Date / Time
Date Administered
Date and time of sample collection
Date and time of this observation
Date and time of this report
Date and time that the sample was collected
Date Cannot be greater than Today
Date contraceptive services initially provided
Date Created
Date Deceased
Date Destroyed
Date Display Format
Date format for "appointment end" is not valid
Date format for "appointment start" is not valid
Date format for "Next Appointment" is not valid
Date format for "not seen since" is not valid
Date format for "seen before" is not valid
Date format for "seen since" is not valid
Date Immunization Information Statements Given
Date is missing for code 
Date Master Criteria
Date of appointments
Date of appointments mm/dd/yyyy
Date of bank deposit yyyy-mm-dd
Date of Billing
Date of Birth
Date of birth
Date Of Birth
Date of Birth and Age
Date of Birth Missing
Date of Entry
Date of exit
Date of Injury
Date of Onset
Date of onset or hospitalization
Date of onset, surgery or start of medication
Date of payment yyyy-mm-dd
Date of recovery or end of medication
Date of referral
Date of registration
Date of reply
Date of Report
Date of Service
Date of service
Date Of Service
Date of Service = Today
Date of Service is today's date by default. If needed it can be changed to any valid date
Date of service mm/dd/yyyy
Date of Service:
Date Of Signature
Date of Status Change
Date of this letter
Date of this order
Date of this report
Date of VIS Statement
Date Ordered
Date Range
Date Registered
Date Selector
Date selector
Date Sent
Date The Message Was Sent
Date Time
Date Updated
Date values Cannot be Blank.
Date VIS Presented
Date VIS Published
Date/Appt
Date/Notes
Date/Notes of Last
Date/Time
Date:
Dated
dated
Dated Message Log
Dated Reminders
Dated reminders maximum alerts to show
Day
day
day ago
Day Sheet Report
Day View
Day(s)
Day(s) M-F
days
Days
days ago
Days and Games Missed
Days From Last Encounter
Days Missed
days of each other
Days Of Week
Days per Column:
Days/Col
Days/Col:
DB installed
DD/MM/YYYY
De Identification
De Identification Process is completed
De Identification Process is ongoing
De Identification process is started and running in background
De Identified data may not be complete
De-identification files will be saved in
DEA
DEA Number
DEA number
Deactivate
Deactivated
Deadline (CST)
Deaf
Debt
Debug Error Logging
Debug Hash Verification Time
Debug Information
DEBUG OUTPUT
Debugging
Dec
Deceased
DECEASED
DECEASED (1 day ago)
DECEASED (Today)
Deceased Date
Deceased Date should not be greater than Today
DECEASED NOTIFICATION
Deceased Reason
December
Decide on the code categories and the order you want them to appear, these will be displayed on the buttons in the 'Select Codes' section
Decide on the Identifying Codes and Standard Codes, remember the Identifying code has to be unique to ensure proper display of results
Decide whether or not you will want to order individual tests which are a part of a panel of tests
Decimal pounds or pounds and ounces separated by #(e.g. 5#4)
Declined To Specify
Deductible
Deductible Met
deep
Default
Default - Check any check box and this value will show up in the displayed drop-down box as the default value
Default Adjust Type
Default Calendar View
Default Customer
Default Eligibility X12 Partner
Default Encounter Form ID
Default Encounter View
Default Exam Values
Default Facility
Default font
Default font (need to logout/login after change this setting)
Default font size
Default font size (need to logout/login after change this setting)
Default Language
Default language if no other is allowed or chosen.
Default left print margin for CMS 1500
Default left print margin for UB04
Default List (write,addonly optional)
Default List (write,addonly optional) (default)
Default Method
Default Password Expiration Days
Default password expiration period in days. 0 means this feature is disabled.
Default Patient Country
Default Patient Country sent to NewCrop eRx, only if patient country is not set.
Default Patient Templates
Default Price Level
Default Priority
Default Procedure Type
Default Provider
Default provider changed
Default Range
Default Reason for Visit
Default Rendering Provider in Fee Sheet
Default Search Code Type
Default Second Tab
Default selection for rendering provider in fee sheet.
Default Setting
Default Sort Direction
Default state of New Window checkbox in the patient list.
Default Template
Default to a provider for line item in the fee sheet
Default to a provider for line item in the fee sheet.(only applicable if Support line item billing in option above)
Default to previous value
Default top print margin for CMS 1500
Default top print margin for UB04
Default Units
Default Units and Range as appropriate
Default Value
Default Values
Default Visit Category
Default Warehouse
Default X12 Partner
Default/Global
Default: Checked. When checked, messages are processed for patients with Patient Demographic Choice (Phone/Text/Email) set to \'Unassigned\' or \'Yes\'. If this is unchecked, a given type of message can only be sent if its Demographic Choice = \'Yes\'.
Defaults
Define a default visit category
Define lab service locations
Definition Exists
Definition Not Updated
Del
del
Delayed Recurrence (> 12 Mo)
Delete
delete
Delete Categories with ID(s) : 
Delete Category
Delete Document
Delete Encounter Form
Delete failed!
Delete Group
Delete List
Delete Log Entries
Delete Onsite Portal Activity
Delete OS{{left eye}} values
Delete Pages
Delete Patient, Encounter, Form, Issue, Document, Payment, Billing or Transaction
Delete Plan
Delete Row
Delete Selected Items
Delete Selected Requests
Delete Successful
Delete successful.
Delete this document
Delete this form
Delete this message
Delete this note
Deleted Successfully
Deleted Successfully.
Deleting
Deleting this event cannot be undone. It cannot be recovered once it is gone. Are you sure you wish to delete this event?
Deletion failed because group has appointments or encounters
Delivered
Delivery Confirmed
Delivery is not allowed to the specified Direct Address.
Delivery is not allowed to the specified Direct Address:
Delivery is not currently permitted to the specified Direct Address.
Delivery of the attached clinical document was requested by the patient
Delivery of the attached clinical document was requested by the patient.
Dementia
Demographic changes made here are recorded system-wide
Demographics
Demographics (write,addonly optional)
Demographics (write,addonly optional) (demo)
Demographics - patient demographics and insurance information
Demographics Fields
Demographics filter criteria
Demographics Legend Red: Charted Values. Blue: Patient Edits
Demographics not authorized
Demographics not authorized.
Denied
denies
Denominator
Denominator Exception
Denominator Exclusion
Dental
Dental Issue List
Dental Issues
Dep Date
Dependency Modules
Dependency Problem
Depending on the level of access you can View/Edit the Transaction
Depending on the type of bill you are testing you will see HCFA like output on a blank page for HCFA bills, you will see many lines of somewhat garbled text  and information if you are testing an X12 claim. That garbled text is the X12 EDI 4010A format. Occasionally you will see odd characters that look like dominoes or  squiglies, these are control characters such as page feeds and are normal.
Depending on whether or not NewCrop eRx module is enabled the method of entry will vary
Deposit Date
Deposit Date Cannot be greater than Today
Deposit Date:
Depressed
Depression
Dept
Dermatology
Derm{{dermatologic}}
DERM{{Dermatology}}
DESC
Description
description
Description is default text
Description is Placeholder
Description of the Disclosure
Description of this procedure or result code
Description Translation
Desired Filename
Destination
Destination Filename
Destination Warehouse
Destroy
Destroy Lot
Destroy...
Destroyed
Destroyed Drugs
Destroyed Drugs Report
Destruction
Detail
Detail's group was saved successfully
Detailed exam
Detailed HPI
Detailed information on how to setup and troubleshoot phiMail messages is available here
Details
Details Not Available
Developer
Developer error missing form 'patientForm'
Developer error missing hidden form element 'selectedPatient'
Developer error. Patient id is missing from dataset
Developmental abnormality
Deviation
DI (Device Identifier)
Diabetes
Diabetes Mellitus
Diabetes: Blood Pressure Management (CQM)
Diabetes: Eye Exam
Diabetes: Eye Exam (CQM)
Diabetes: Foot Exam
Diabetes: Foot Exam (CQM)
Diabetes: HbA1c Poor Control (CQM)
Diabetes: Hemoglobin A1C
Diabetes: LDL Management & Control (CQM)
Diabetes: Urine Microalbumin
Diag
Diagnoses
Diagnosis
Diagnosis Code
Diagnosis Codes
Diagnosis Codes History
Diagnosis Date
Diagnosis Description
Diagnosis must be coded into a linked encounter
Diagnosis Name
Diagnosis Report
Diagnosis Reporting
Diagnosis Reporting Only
Diagnosis Title
Diagnosis:
Diagnosis: 
Diagnostic
Diagnostic Tests:
Diagnostics
Dials
Diam{{Diameter}}
DIAM{{Diameter}}
Diaphragms/Caps
Diarrhea
Diastolic
Dicom Viewer
Dictation
Dictation: 
Did you receive a copy of the HIPAA Notice?
Difference
Difficulty working etc.
Diffuse:
Digitally Signed
Dilated with
Dilation
Dilation orders/risks reviewed
Dilation Time
Dim
Direct
DIRECT ADDRESS
Direct Address
Direct Email
Direct Mail
Direct Message Log
Direct Message Received.
Direct messaging is currently unavailable.
Direct Messaging Send Failure.
Directions
Directives
Director Name
Directory delete failed; continuing.
Disability
Disable
Disable Auto Adjustment Calculations in EOB Posting
Disable Auto Adjustments
Disable automatically calculating balance adjustments for invoice posting
Disable Calendar
Disable Chart Tracker
Disable Client
Disable Help Modal
Disable Immunizations
Disable Insurance Eligibility Reports Download
Disable Old Metric Vitals Form
Disable Patient Flow Board
Disable phiMail Test Mode
Disable phpMyAdmin
Disable Prescriptions
Disable the restriction of only one IPPF code per MA code in superbill
Disable User Groups
disabled
Disabled
Disabled Beneficiary Under Age 65 with Large Group Health Plan (LGHP)
Disabled Client
Disabling automatic checking would be appropriate if message checking is managed through another mechanism, such as a system cron job
Disadvantages being cost of device, potential for loss and running out of battery power
Disc
DISC
Discard
Discarded
Discharge
Discharge Disposition
Discharge From Urethra
Discharge Medications
Discharge Right
Discharge Right:
Discharge Summary
Discharge Summary - 2009
Discharge Time
Discharged
Disclaimer
Disclosure Info
Disclosure Type
Disclosure Types
Disclosures
Disclosures (write,addonly optional)
Disclosures (write,addonly optional) (disclosure)
Disclosures - Record disclosures made for treatment, payment, and health care operations with date, time, patient identification (name or number), user identification (name or number), and a description of the disclosure
Discontinue
Discount
Discount Amount
Discount Level
Discount Percentage
Discount/Adjustment
Discounts as Monetary Amounts
Discounts at checkout time are entered as money amounts, as opposed to percentage.
Discounts at checkout time may be entered per invoice or per line item or both.
Discrete Result
Discrete Results - for manual entry of returned result values
Disease
Disease with presumed immunity
Dislay main menu logo
Dislocation
Dismiss
Dismiss Form
Dismiss Help
Disp #
Dispatch
Dispatch Received Document
Dispense Rx
Dispense this Rx
Dispense this RX
Dispensed
Display
Display Additional measurements (Ks, IOL cals, etc)
Display advance directives in the demographics page.
Display Application Errors Only
Display Documents
Display event dates in block?
Display Format for US Weights
Display how many events?
Display Invoice Number or Patient Name in the Cash Receipt Report
Display Invoice Number or Patient Name or Both in the Sales Report
Display limit reached
Display links to the acknowledgements page
Display location in block?
Display main menu logo
Display Name
Display Save and Close Visit button in LBFs
Display the Autorefraction Panel
Display the calendar?
Display the Contact Lens Panel
Display the Donations link on the About page
Display the Encounter Billing Note or Patient Billing Note or Both in the Billing Screen.
Display the Manifest Refraction panel
Display the patient's current glasses
Display the recurrent appointment widget in the patient summary.
Display the Review link on the About page
Display the Units Column on the Billing Screen
Display today\'s events in the block?
Display topic in block?
Display upcoming events in block?
Display Window Errors Only
Displayed Columns
Displaying the following number of most recent disclosures:
Displaying the following number of most recent messages
Displaying the following number of most recent notes
Displaying the following number of most recent notes:
Distance
Distance from the \'top\' of the envelope in mm
Distance from the right most edge of the envelope in portrait position in mm
Distribute
Distributed Edits
Distributed to Global
Distribution
Distributions
Distributor
Dist{{distance}}
Divehi- Dhivehi- Maldivian-
Divergence
Divergence Amps
Diverticulitis
Diverticulitis Surgery
Divirticulitis
Divirticulitis Surgery
Divorced
Dizziness:
Do not allow insurance eligibility report log download
Do not allow SQL queries to be outputted to screen.
Do not change
Do not display Allergies uploaded after visiting NewCrop eRx.
Do not display Allergy uploaded to NewCrop
Do not display Medications uploaded after visiting NewCrop eRx.
Do not display Medications uploaded to NewCrop
Do not display NewCrop eRx Allergy uploaded
Do not display NewCrop eRx Medications uploaded
Do not display the calendar.
Do not display the patient flow board.
Do not display the Recall Board.
Do not enter the server URL into your browser address bar, as this will not work
Do not inventory and sell any products
Do not know what to do!
Do Not Print
Do not require patient notes to be authorized
Do Not Resuscitate Order
do not save
do not substitute
Do Not Use Safe Apostrophe
Do not warn or prevent web browser refresh
do nothing
Do Nothing
Do you really want to change Warehouse?
Do you really want to clear the log?
Do You Really Want to Continue
Do you really want to delete
Do you really want to delete the selection?
Do you really want to delete this group
Do you really want to delete?
Do you really want to submit with no criteria selected?
Do you want to close the tabs?
Do you want to continue?
Do you want to delete this?
Do you want to delete?
Do you want to remove this record?
Do you wish to continue adding this new patient?
Do you wish to continue with the new name?
Do you wish to PERMANENTLY delete this immunization record?
DOB
Dob
DOB is missing, please enter if possible
Doc Id
Docs
Doctor
Doctor:
Doctor\'s name and signature
Document
document
document 3 and their status to reach the detailed HPI level
Document Categories
Document category for lab results does not exist
Document category name for storage of electronically received lab results.
Document category name for storage of electronically received MDM documents.
Document Category or Discard
Document Center
Document clinical findings in Shorthand Format
Document could not be moved to patient id
Document created
Document Date
Document date and issue updated successfully
Document ID
Document identifying information
Document Library
Document moved to new category
Document moved to patient id
Document passed integrity check
Document passed integrity check.
Document Storage Method
Document successfully renamed.
Document tagged to Encounter successfully
Document Template Management
Document Templates
Document Uploader/Viewer
Document(s)
Document/Imaging Store
Documentation for a Detailed HPI requires
Documents
documents
Documents (write,addonly optional)
Documents (write,addonly optional) (docs)
Documents - a repository of the patient's scanned/faxed paper documents. It also the place to download patient specific templates
Documents Delete
Documents Delete (docs_rm)
Documents History
Documents List
Documents setup error
DOC{{document format}}
DOE
Does anything make it better? Worse?
Does it occur in certain situations?
Does not equal
does not have enough data to graph
does not match the PV1 encounter number
does not seem valid
Does this type allow related codes?
Domestic Partner
Don't Save
Don\'t Save
Don\'t Save Changes
DONATE NOW!
Donation ID
Done
Done with
Done with:
Done.  Will now send download.
DOS
Dosage
Dose
Double click on a DX\'s handle
Double Click on this icon to pop up document in a new viewer.
double click to edit
Double Clicking a NPI box will bring up a current Users dialog for providers.
Double Vision
Download
DOWNLOAD
Download - the created CCD is downloaded as a pdf file to the downloads from the browser
Download - the created CCR is downloaded as a pdf file to the downloads from the browser
Download all patient documents
Download and/or delete log data
Download Anyway
Download billing file, post to accounting and mark as billed
Download CCD
Download CCDA file
Download Certificates
Download Charted Documents
Download configuration data
Download CSV
Download CSV File
Download document template for this patient and visit
Download Documents
download encrypted file
Download Fax
Download HL7 file
Download Lab Documents
Download Log Entries as Zipped CSV
Download Offsite Portal Connection Files
Download or Delete a Template
Download or Delete Old Log Entries
Download PDF
Download QRDA Category III File
Download report as a pdf file into the browser's download folder
Download Selected
Download Selected Statements
Download will download a text file containing the order in the HL7v2.3 message format to the downloads directory of your computer
Downloading Document!
Dr Check
Dr Visit
Dr.
Drafts
Drag a DX over by its handle
Drag the arrow for each diagnosis to sort the list.
Drag to move
Draw
Dribbling
Drivers License or State ID
Drop files here to upload
Drug
Drug - Drug Interaction
Drug Code
Drug Finder
Drug Forms
Drug ID missing!
Drug Intervals
Drug Inventory
Drug name
Drug Name
Drug name is required
Drug Routes
Drug Screen
Drug Screen Completed
Drug Screen Report
Drug units
Drug Units
Drug Use
Drug-Drug
Drug-Drug Interaction
Drug1 Name{{Drug1 Interaction}}
Drug2 Name{{Drug2 Interaction}}
Drugs
Drugs and Products
Dry Mouth
DSMIV Diagnosis
DT 1
DT 2
DT 3
DT 4
DT 5
DTaP 1
DTaP 2
DTaP 3
DTaP 4
DTaP 5
Dual
Due
Due Date
Due date
Due date mm/dd/yyyy or yyyy-mm-dd
Due Date:
Due Ins
Due Pt
Due Soon
Due Status
Due Status Update
Dumping OpenEMR database
Dumping OpenEMR web directory tree
Dumping phpGACL database
Dumping phpGACL web directory tree
Dumping SQL-Ledger database
Dumping SQL-Ledger web directory tree
Dup Check
Dup Check on only Edit
Dup Check on only Edit, or Extra billing codes OK
Dup Check on only New
Duplicate codes are deleted from editor list otherwise, code will append to list.
Duplicate Patient Management
Duplicate Rx -- unchanged from current Rx{{The refraction did not change, New Rx=old Rx}}
Duplicated ID on line
Duplicated name on line
DUPLICATION WARNING
Durable Power of Attorney
Duration
duration
During the work-day, syncs occurs every
Dutch
Dx Codes
Dx Rep
Dysphagia
Dyspnea:
Dysuria
Dzongkha
E(T){{intermittent esotropia}}
E-Mail
E-mail
E-Mail Address
E-mail Messaging
E-mail OK
E-PRESCRIBING
E-Prescription?
E-Reports
e-Rx
e-Rx EPCS
e-Rx Renewal
e-signed
Each of these groups (AROs) has access to pre-determined parts of the program (ACOs).
Each provider needs to set this under user settings. This should be blank
Each recipient must set their own messages as completed.
Each Section has one Narrative Block and zero to many coded Entries
Each segment is identified by a unique three letter header that constitutes the first three letters on that line
Each test in order gets a label.
Each test or panel in this group has to be in an individual Custom Favorite Item tier
Each Transaction is listed on a separate line
Early Recurrence (<2 Mo)
Ears
Easipro Server
Easipro Server Password
Easipro Server Username
Easy to forget on the computer used to login
Easy to setup
Easy to use
ECG
eClaims
ECL{{equivalent contact lens power at the corneal level}}
ECOM{{external comments abbreviation}}
Edema
EDI File
EDI History
edi history
EDI History (under Fees) for storing and interpreting EDI claim response files
EDI-271 File Upload
EDI-271 Response File Upload
Edit
edit
Edit Allergies
Edit Appointment
Edit Categories
Edit Current Patient
Edit Definitions
Edit definitions
Edit Diagnoses for
Edit Disclosure
Edit Document
Edit Entry
Edit Event
EDIT EXISTING GROUP
Edit Facilities
Edit Facility
Edit Facility Information
Edit Facility Specific User Information
Edit File in
Edit form
Edit Global Settings
Edit History and Lifestyle
Edit is not authorized!
Edit Issue
Edit layout
Edit Layout Properties
Edit list
Edit Mode
Edit Only
Edit Onsite Portal Activity
Edit Payment
Edit Signature
Edit Structure
Edit Template
Edit this form
Edit User
Edit User Settings
Edit your entered data
Editing
Editing failed
Education
Education Date
Educational materials for
ee the  * GNU General Public License for more details.  *   * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License  * along with this program; if not, write to the Free 
Effective Date
Effective Dates
Effectiveness
eg. aching, burning, radiating pain
EIN
Either type a search term in appropriate box or double click box to see available codes.
Either way data entered by any method will feature in both locations
Ejaculations
Elbow
Elbow Problems
Electronic
Electronic document received
Electronic Notes
Electronic orders
Electronic Remits
Electronic Reports
Electronic results can be bidirectional - both order tests and receive results electronically or unidirectional - only receive the results electronically
electronically signed on
Eligibility
Eligibility 270 Inquiry Batch
Eligibility Response
Eligibility Service Date (270 DTP03)
Eligibility status for Vaccine for Children supplied vaccine
Eligible
Ellipse
Email
email
EMAIL
Email Address
Email address is missing
Email address of the sender for patient reminders. Replies to patient reminders will be directed to this address. It is important to use an address from your clinic\'s domain to avoid help prevent patient reminders from going to junk mail folders.
Email address, if any, to receive administrative notifications.
Email address, if any, to receive emergency login user activation messages.
Email Auth
EMAIL Confimed
Email Direct
Email from Batchcom
Email if required
Email Notification
Email Notification Hours
Email Notification Report
Email Notification Settings Updated Successfully
Email Selected
Email Selected Statements
Email send before
Email Sender
Email Sent
Email sent to
Email Subject
email subject
Email Text Usable Tags
Email Text, Usable Tag: ***NAME*** , i.e. Dear ***NAME***
Email Text, Usable Tag: ***NAME*** , i.e. Dear ***NAME***{{Do Not translate the ***NAME*** elements of this constant.}}
Email Transport Method
Email was sent to following address
emails not sent
Embed {login} where the OpenEMR login name of the user is to be; for example: uid={login},dc=example,dc=com
Emergency Care
Emergency contact
Emergency Contact
Emergency Contact Person
Emergency Contact Phone Number
Emergency Contraception
Emergency Login
Emergency Login ACL is chosen. The user is still in active state, please de-activate the user and activate the same when required during emergency situations. Visit Administration->Users for activation or de-activation.
Emergency Login activation email will be circulated only if following settings in the interface/globals.php file are configured:
Emergency Login Email Address
Emergency Login user can do anything
Emergency Phone
Emergency Room - Hospital
Emotional / Behavioral Conditions & Complications
Emphysema
Employee
Employer
Employer Address
Employer Data
Employer Name
EMPTY
Empty
Empty Definition
Empty Definitions
empty file received
Empty Password Not Allowed
Empty table
Empty value in "Email Hours"
Empty value in "Email Sender"
Empty value in "Email Subject"
Empty value in "Email Text"
Empty value in "Name of Provider"
Empty value in "Password"
Empty value in "SMS Hours"
Empty value in "SMS Text"
Empty value in "Username"
EMR Direct
EMR Direct phiMail is a secure, scalable, standards-based way for participants to send authenticated, encrypted health information directly to known, trusted recipients over the Internet
Enable
Enable a Payment Gateway Service for processing credit card transactions
Enable Alert Log
Enable Alert Logging
Enable Allergy Check
Enable Allergy Check Against Medications and Prescriptions
Enable AMC Prompting
Enable AMC Report Itemization
Enable AMC Reporting
Enable AMC Tracking
Enable amendments feature
Enable ATNA Auditing
Enable Audit Log Encryption
Enable Audit Logging
Enable Audit Trail and Node Authentication (ATNA).
Enable Authentication Using Google Sign-in
Enable Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) Reporting
Enable Batch Payment
Enable C-CDA Alternate Service
Enable C-CDA Service
Enable Client
Enable Client SSL
Enable client SSL certificate authentication.
Enable Clinical Active Reminder Popup
Enable Clinical Decisions Rules (CDR)
Enable Clinical Passive New Reminder(s) Popup
Enable Clinical Passive Reminder Widget
Enable Clinical Quality Measure (CQM) Reporting
Enable Clinical Reminder Popup
Enable Clinical Reminder Widget
Enable CMS Portal
Enable Compact Mode
Enable CQM Report Itemization
Enable CQM Reporting
Enable Database Connection Pooling
Enable Easipro
Enable Easipro. For licensing options for this feature, please contact
Enable EDI History
Enable EDI History In Left Menu
Enable Encryption of Items Stored on CouchDB
Enable Encryption of Items Stored on Drive
Enable Extension
Enable Facility
Enable Facility/Warehouse Permissions
Enable facility/warehouse restrictions in the user administration form.
Enable Fees In Left Menu
Enable Fees Submenu
Enable FHIR Provider Client Service
Enable follow-up encounters
Enable follow-up encounters feature
Enable Google Sign-In
Enable Group Therapy
Enable Help Modal
Enable Hylafax Support
Enable import status message after visiting NewCrop eRx.
Enable import status message for NewCrop erx
Enable Itemization of AMC Reports
Enable Itemization of CQM Reports
Enable Itemization of Standard Clinical Rules Reports
Enable Lab Exchange
Enable lock toggle
Enable log for document uploads/downloads to CouchDB
Enable logging of all SQL SELECT queries.
Enable logging of backup related activities.
Enable logging of CDR Engine Queries.
Enable logging of miscellaneous activities.
Enable logging of ordering activities.
Enable logging of patient record modifications.
Enable logging of scheduling activities.
Enable logging of security and administration activities.
Enable MedEx Communication Service
Enable NewCrop eRx import status message
Enable NewCrop eRx Service
Enable NewCrop eRx Service.
Enable OAuth2 Password Grant (Not considered secure)
Enable OAuth2 Password Grant. Recommend turning this setting off for production server. Recommend only using for testing.
Enable Office Ally Insurance Eligibility
Enable Offsite Patient Portal
Enable Offsite Patient Portal.
Enable only one type of portal by checking the relevant check-box
Enable Onsite Patient Portal
Enable Onsite Patient Portal Document Download
Enable Onsite Patient Portal new patient to self register.
Enable Onsite Patient Portal.
Enable OpenEMR FHIR System Scopes (Recommended Off, Turn on only if you know what you are doing)
Enable OpenEMR FHIR System Scopes.
Enable OpenEMR Patient Portal FHIR REST API (EXPERIMENTAL)
Enable OpenEMR Patient Portal FHIR RESTful API.
Enable OpenEMR Patient Portal REST API (EXPERIMENTAL)
Enable OpenEMR Patient Portal RESTful API.
Enable OpenEMR REST API
Enable OpenEMR RESTful API. SSL Required
Enable OpenEMR Standard FHIR REST API
Enable OpenEMR Standard FHIR RESTful API.
Enable OpenEMR Standard REST API
Enable OpenEMR Standard RESTful API.
Enable Patient Portal
Enable Patient Portal Document Download
Enable Patient Portal new patient to self register.
Enable Patient Reminder Widget
Enable percent-based price levels
Enable phiMail Direct Messaging Service
Enable Posting
Enable Prompting For Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) Required Data
Enable Random Drug Testing
Enable Reporting of Tracking Date For Automated Measure Calculations (AMC)
Enable Save and Close
Enable Scanner Support
Enable Standard Report Itemization
Enable support for the open source WordPress Portal by Sunset Systems
Enable Text Templates in Encounter Forms
Enable the Medical Information Integration, LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Enable the OpenEMR Support LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Enable User Certificate Authentication
Enable Version 1 Onsite Patient Portal
Enable Version 2 Onsite Patient Portal
Enable Version 2 Onsite Patient Portal new patient to self register.
Enable Weno eRx Service
Enable Weno eRx Service Test mode
Enable ZMG, LLC eRx service
enabled
Enabled
Enabled Client
Enabled Services
Enables choose due date to message
Enables groups module in system.
Enables the ability to download documents in the Onsite Patient Portal by the user.
Enables the ability to download documents in the Patient Portal by the user.
Enables the old Charges panel for entering billing codes and payments. Not recommended, use the Fee Sheet instead.
Enables to submit changes for all appointments of a recurrence at once.
Enabling EMR Direct phiMail
Enc
Enc#
Encnter
Encounter
encounter
Encounter 
encounter acute inpatient or ED
Encounter Balance
Encounter Billing Note
Encounter Checkup Procedure
Encounter Count
encounter data
Encounter Date
Encounter Diagnosis
Encounter Dt / Rsn
Encounter EDI Record
Encounter Esigned
Encounter Forms
encounter health and behavior assessment
Encounter History
Encounter ID
encounter influenza
Encounter Information
Encounter Information (encounters)
Encounter number
Encounter Number
encounter nursing discharge
encounter nursing facility
encounter occupational therapy
encounter office visit
encounter outpatient
encounter outpatient w/PCP & obgyn
Encounter Page Size
Encounter Payment
encounter pregnancy
encounter preventive medicine - individual counseling
encounter preventive medicine 40 and older
encounter preventive medicine group counseling
encounter preventive medicine other services
encounter preventive medicine services 18 and older
Encounter Preview
Encounter Provider
encounter psychiatric & psychologic
Encounter statistics
Encounter Summary
Encounter type
Encounter was coded
Encounter:
Encounter: encounter non-acute inpt, outpatient, or ophthalmology
Encounters
Encounters & Forms
Encounters &amp; Forms
Encounters not authorized
Encounters Report
Encounters Section
Encrypted File
Encryption
Encryption key issued by Weno eRx service.
Encryption Pass Phrase
End
End (yyyy-mm-dd): 
End Date
End date
End Date From
End date is missing!
End Date leave blank if ongoing
End date must be equal or bigger than start date
End date must be later than Begin date!
End date should be greater than Begin date
End Date To
End Date:
End of Day by Provider or allow Totals Only
End Of Day Report
End of report
End of Requisition
End Time
End watching server processes for upgrade version
End-Stage Renal Disease Beneficiary in MCP with Employer`s Group Plan
End-Stage Renal Disease Treatment Facility
Ending Account Balance
Ending date
Ending date of service yyyy-mm-dd
Ending DOS mm/dd/yyyy if you wish to enter a range
Ending hour of day for calendar events.
Endo Abnormal Blood
Endocrine
Endoscopy
ENDO{{Endocrine}}
Enforce E-Mail in Portal Log On Dialog
Engineer
Engineering Firm
English
English 
English (Australian)
English (Indian)
English (Standard)
Enscript command used by Hylafax.
Ensure OpenEMR has write privileges to directory
Ensure that Identifying Codes are unique
ENT Discharge
ENT Pain
Enter 1 under sequence, more about sequence numbers later
Enter a Begin Date
Enter a diagnosis code to exclude all invoices not containing it
Enter a sequence 1
Enter an amendment...
Enter an End Date if the problem has been resolved
Enter Application Name
Enter body of letter here
Enter City
Enter Database root Password
Enter Database root Username
Enter default values for OD{{right eye}}
Enter defaults for Right side
Enter defaults values for Left side
Enter defaults values for OS{{left eye}}
Enter Details
Enter Details for Custom Favorite Group
Enter Details for Discrete Results
Enter Details for Group
Enter Details for Individual Custom Favorite Item
Enter Details for Individual Procedures
Enter Details for Recommendation
Enter Diagnosis
Enter Drugs
Enter E-Mail Address
Enter email address to receive registration.
Enter Encounter
Enter Encounter Number
Enter Facility Name
Enter Gift Card number in the Reference field
Enter ID
Enter Immunizations
Enter Key
Enter Last
Enter name
Enter needed information to help process this particular claim
Enter new data
Enter new office note here
Enter new State
Enter Occurrence if appropriate
Enter or select the options in the various boxes to filter the results according to need and press Filter
Enter Password
Enter PIN code
Enter Provider Details
Enter Recipient\'s Direct Address
Enter required authentication code
Enter Self if None
Enter Serum Uric Acid in the Name box
Enter Serum Uric Acid order in the Description box
Enter Serum Uric Acid result under Description
Enter Serum Uric Acid under Name
Enter the category data in the appropriate fields and click 'Save'. These will be used to group the ICD codes and will be displayed on the buttons in the 'Select Codes' section
Enter the code from your authentication application on your device
Enter the default range values if applicable, used in manual entry of results.
Enter the default units for this test.
Enter the details - Name - Well Woman Tests, Description - Well Woman Tests, an appropriate sequence number depending on the procedure orders already entered, Order From - Local Lab
Enter the details as follows Name - Blood Glucose, Description - Fasting Glucose result, Sequence - 1, Identifying Code - any unique value - WWT01R, Default Units - mg/dL, Default Range - 70-100, leave Followup Services blank and click Save
Enter the Direct address and click Send CCR/Send CCD as the case may be
Enter the following: Name - Blood Glucose, Description - Fasting Blood Glucose, Sequence - 1, Order From - Local Lab
Enter the laterality of this procedure, if applicable.
Enter the Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC) code for this procedure
Enter the Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC) code for this procedure. LOINC is a database and universal standard for identifying medical laboratory observations.
Enter the LOINC code for this procedure
Enter the OpenEMR login password for the user and click Submit
Enter the Re Identification code
Enter the relevant site if applicable.
Enter the Server Address, Username, and Password provided to you
Enter the Severity of the allergy
Enter the specimen type if applicable.
Enter the values 3.4 - 7.2 - Men, 2.4–6.1 - Women
Enter their OpenEMR username in the notification user field
Enter User Login ID
Enter values in this section to create a new group also known as Access Request Object (ARO)
Enter your credentials
Enter your existing current password used to login.
Enter your password to sign the form
Enter your search criteria above
Enter Your Zip
Entered
Entered By
Entered in Error
Entered User Name is unavalable!
entries
entries with the oldest dated
Entry Status
Envelope Height in mm
Envelope Width in mm
Envelope x-axis starting pt
Envelope y-axis starting pt
Environmental
EOB Data Entry
EOB Data Entry (eob)
EOB Id
EOB Invoice
EOB Posting - Electronic Remittances
EOB Posting - Instructions
EOB Posting - Invoice
EOB Posting - Patient Note
EOB Posting - Search
EOBs
Epilepsy
Episode
EPSDT
EPSDT:
Equals
Equivalent contact lens power at the corneal level
ERA
ERA Files
ERA Posting
ERA Upload
Erase
Eraser
Erections
Error
ERROR
Error confirming receipt of lab results
Error creating directory!
Error finding diagnosis element. Try again.
Error Generating Batch File
Error getting lab results from Lab Exchange Network
Error in "Gender" selection
Error in "HIPAA" selection
Error in "Process" selection
Error in "SMS Gateway" selection
Error in "Sort By" selection
Error in gzip compression of file: 
Error in YES or NO option
Error Message
ERROR Missing Patient ID
Error No selected Readers
Error number
Error opening uploaded file for reading
Error processing file
Error processing upload
Error Removing Message
Error retrieving results from Lab Exchange Network
Error retrieving values.
Error saving document
Error when granting file privilege to the OpenEMR user.
Error while adding new plan
Error while deleting the plan
error while registering form!
Error while saving to the file
Error while updating the plan
Error while writing to file
Error! Groups save failed. Check your Group lists.
Error! Images state save failed.
Error! Profiles save failed. Check your Profile lists.
ERROR!... in Update
error(s) encountered from new results
Error, Class ZipArchive does not exist
Error, Could not create file archive
Error, the CA Certificate File doesn\'t exist
Error, the CA Key File doesn\'t exist
Error, the file does not exist
ERROR, unable to collect data from server
Error, unable to create client certificate.
Error, unable to create the admin.p12 certificate.
Error, unable to create the Certificate Authority certificate.
Error, unable to create the Server certificate.
Error, unable to create zip file with all the certificates
Error, unable to open file
Error, User Certificate Authentication is not enabled in OpenEMR
ERROR. Could not open
Error. Not authorized
Error. Not Authorized.
Error. Nothing to do.
Error. Problem sending one or more templates.
Error. Problem setting one or more profiles.
Error. Try again later
Error. You need to install the Archive/Tar.php php module.
ERROR: could not open table.sql, broken form?
Error: Duplicated field ID
Error: duplicated ID
Error: duplicated ID on line
Error: duplicated name on line
ERROR: Field
ERROR: Missing ZipArchive PHP Module
ERROR: No ICD import directory.
Error: passwords don't match. Please check your typing.
Error: passwords don\'t match. Please check your typing.
Error: the file does not exist
ERROR: The following variable contains invalid characters
ERROR: Unable to copy the file.
Error: Unable to create downloadable archive
ERROR: Unable to Create Zip Archive.
ERROR: Unable to extract the file.
ERROR: Unable to load the file into the database.
ERROR: Unable to set the version number.
Errors
eRx
eRx Account Status
eRx Logs
ERX Name
ERX Password
ERX Role
ERX User
Erythema:
eSign
eSign Log
Eskimo
Esophoria
Esotropia
Esperanto
Est
Established
Established Patient
Estonian
Ethnicity
Ethnicity or Race
Ethnicity-Race List (write,addonly optional)
Ethnicity-Race List (write,addonly optional) (ethrace)
Ethnoracial
ETIN
ETOH
ET{{esotropia}}
Event
event
Event Begins
Event Category
Event Date
event date or starting date
Event Description
Event Details
Event does not repeat
Event Duration
Event duration in minutes
Event Fee
Event Location
Event repeats every
Event repeats on
Event start time
Event title
Event Title
Event Website
Events
Events for
Events open in new window
Events Scheduled
Eventually file name becomes a Pending document selection in Portal Documents.
every
Every
Every 2nd
every 3 hours
Every 3rd
every 4 hours
Every 4th
every 5 hours
Every 5th
every 6 hours
Every 6th
every 8 hours
Every Fourth
Every name in the address book appears here, not only physicians.
Every Other
Every Third
Every, every other, every 3rd, etc.
Ewe
Exam and test results
Exam or Test
Exam results
Exam Room #
Exam Room Number
Examination
Examination Date
Example
Example authenticator apps include
Example Privacy_Agreement.txt becomes Privacy Agreement button in Patient Documents
Examples
Examples of Sections are - Medications, Allergies, Vital Signs
Exams/Tests
Exam{{Physical Exam}}
Except
Excessive Tearing
Exclude All E-Sign Logs On Report
Exclude in Portal
Excluded Appointments - Tooltip - Number to Display
Excluded Patients
Exclusion
Exclusive Provider Organization (EPO)
Executables not allowed
Executive Paper Size
Exercise
Exercise patterns
Exercise Patterns
Exist
existing claim status is not altered.
Existing Forms
Exit
Exit from Administration
Exit Mail
Exophoria
Exotropia
Exp
Exp Date
Expand
expand
Expand / Collapse
Expand All
Expand All Document Categories
Expand All Document Categories by Default
Expand Form
Expand/Collapse this form
Expanded View
Expected form_encounter.pid to be 
Expiration
Expiration Date
Expired
Expires
expires in
Expiry
Export
Export as CSV
Export Billing
Export Configuration
Export File
Export Individual Invoices
Export OFX
Export Patient Demographics
Export Patient Demographics XML
Export PQRI Report
Export process timed out
Export QRDA Report
Export Selected as CSV
Export Selected to Collections
Export to CSV
Export to external billing system
Export Zero Balances
Exposure to Foreign Countries
Exposure To Foreign Countries
Ext
Ext Time Collected
Extended family
External
External Data
External Data - any external data linked to either encounters or procedures
External Data Loads
External Database Import Utility
External Draw Panel
External Exam
External Exam Default Values
External ID
External Id
External identifier
External Lab
External Only
External Organization
External Procedure
External Provider
External Referral
External Referral Followups
External referral?
External Referrals
External URL
Extract the zip file
Extracting the file. This will take some time...
Extremely difficult
Exudate:
Eye
Eye Coding Fields
Eye Coding Terms
Eye Contact Lens Brand list
Eye Contact Lens Manufacturer list
Eye Contact Lens Supplier list
Eye Dx{{eye diagnosis}}
Eye Exam
Eye Exam Default Values for New Providers
Eye Irritation
Eye Lens Material
Eye Lens Treatments
Eye Med
Eye Meds
Eye Orders Defaults
Eye Pain
Eye QP List ANTSEG for New Providers
Eye QP List EXT for New Providers
Eye QP List RETINA for New Providers
Eye Redness
Eye Surgery
Eyedropper
Eyes
E{{esophoria}}
F
F/H Blood Problems
F/H Female Hirsutism/Striae
Facilities
Facility
facility
Facility Administration
Facility and warehouse permissions
Facility City
Facility Code
Facility Color Schema
Facility Country code
Facility Details
Facility Fax
Facility ID
Facility ID is missing
Facility ID's
Facility Name
Facility NPI
Facility permissions
Facility Phone
Facility reflects the facility in which the visit occurred
Facility Specific User Information
Facility State
Facility Street
Facility Taxonomy
Facility Zip
Facility Zip Code
Facility:
FAIL
Failed
failed
Failed - already has group with the same name
Failed Patients
Failed Registration
Failed since file already exists
Failed to add patient to portal
Failed to compute a unique filename
Failed to create
Failed to create folder
Failed to create new group
Failed to create temporary folder. CouchDB will not work.
Failed to generate
Failed to get URL:
Failed to send
Failed to unregister module.
Failed UTF8 encoding check! Could not automatically fix.
Failed.
failure
Failure
FAILURE NOTICE: Direct Message Send Failed.
FAILURE: Couldn't create the zip
FAILURE: No patients for measure
Falls: Screening, Risk-Assessment, and Plan of Care to Prevent Future Falls (CQM)
False
Family Health History
Family History
Family history - Documents the patient's family history, an ICD10 diagnosis can be linked to the medical conditions
Family History of Glaucoma
Family History:
Family Member
Family Payment
Family Size
Fancy
Faroese
Farsi
Fasting
Fatal
Father
Fathers History
Fatigue
Fatigued
Favorites
Fax
Fax Count
Fax number
Fax sending failed
Fax/Scan
Faxes In
Faxes Out
Feature not activated
Features
Feb
February
FECA
Federal Drug ID
Federal EIN
Federal Tax ID
Federally Qualified Health Center
Fee
fee
Fee is not allowed
Fee Sheet
Fee Sheet and Checkout
Fee Sheet for
Fee Sheet Options
Fee sheet tab is already opened
Feeling afraid
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen
Feeling nervous
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge
Fees
Female
Female AP
Female Condoms
Female G
Female LC
Female P
Female Symptoms
Female VSC
Fetch
Fetching following file from portal
Fever
Fever:
FH Blood Problems
FHD, WUXGA
FHIR Server Base Address
FH{{Family History}}
Fibroids
FIDO U2F - Universal 2nd Factor from the Fast IDentity Online alliance
Field
Field 'name' cannot be NULL
Field ID
Field not suitable for edit option M
Field type to use for employer or subscriber country in demographics.
Field type to use for employer or subscriber state in demographics.
Field(s) are missing!
FIELD: Text(.a); 
Fields in This Form
Fields{{visual fields}}
Fifth account message
Fijian
File
File base name becomes Menu selection
File Error
file in the Documentation directory to learn how to automate the process of creating log backups
file location
File management
file missing
File Name
File not found
File Not Found
File on server (modification date)
File path not found.
File privilege granted to OpenEMR user.
File retrieval from CouchDB failed
File Room
File to upload
File to Upload
File with same name already exists at location:
Filename
Filename must end with ".pdf"
Files
Files base name becomes a pending document selection in Portal Documents.
Files type white list
Files with empty thumbnail
filetype is not accepted
Filipino
fill
Fill any of the Below Row.
Fill here only if sending email notification to patients
Fill in any missing details or edit existing information. This will be saved in the patient's demographics page in openEMR
Fill in the CPT codes using the displayed format. The common E/M codes are already filled in, add more as needed
Fill in the details as required and click Save
Fill in the details for the Organ/Disease Panel as before and click Save to close the pop-up
Fill in the details in a fashion similar to that used for allergies
Fill in the necessary details in a fashion similar to that for Medical Problems
Fill in the reason and select a provider and clinic and click the Add Recall button to complete the process
Fill in the required details especially for the external facilities and click Save
Fill in the values below
Fill Instructions
Fill the Row.
Fill your first and last name
Filled
Filling in the other fields will help provide additional details pertinent to the referral
Filter
Filter for Constants
Filter for Definitions
filtered from
Filters
filters
Final
Final Diagnosis
Final diagnosis by specialist
Final Status
Financial
Financial Close Date (yyyy-mm-dd)
Financial Reporting - anything
Financial Reporting - anything (rep_a)
Financial Reporting - my encounters
Financial Reporting - my encounters (rep)
Financial Review
Financial Review Date
Financial Summary by Service Code
Financial transactions corresponding to the date range, if any, will be listed in the table
Find
Find Available
Find Available Appointments
Find Available{{Provider}}
Find Code History
Find Patient
Find Patient Education Materials
Find Procedure Order
Findings
Findings by specialist
Fine
Finish
Finish Payments
Finished
finished
Finished Deleting
Finnish
First
First account message
First day in the week
First day of the week
First Modern Contraception at this Clinic (with Prior Contraceptive Use)
First Modern Contraceptive Use (Lifetime)
First Name
First name
First Name Missing
First Name:
First Visit or Consultation
First visit: No Old Records
First-time visits only
Firstname Lastname
First{{Name}}
Fitness
Fitness Level
Fitness level for this player on this day
Fitness Testing
Fitness to Play
Fix encounter dates - any encounters
Fix encounter dates - any encounters (date_a)
Fix this
Fixed
FL
Flash
Flatulence
Flow
Flow Board
Flow Board will only display completed checkouts for this many minutes. Zero is continuous display.
Flow Board: Allow Date Range
Flow Board: Default Ending Date
Flow Board: Default Starting Date
Flow Board: Disable
Flow Board: display completed checkouts (minutes)
Flow Board: Enable Random Drug Testing
Flow Board: Ending Date
Flow Board: Max tests per Patient per year
Flow Board: Percentage of Patients to Drug Test
Flow Board: Show Encounter Number
Flow Board: Show Patient ID
Flow Board: Show Staff Action
Flow Board: Show Visit Reason
Flow Board: Timer Refresh Interval
Flu season
Flu Season
Flu Vaccination
Fluid and electrolyte problem
FMS
Folio Paper Size
Follow manually
Follow these instructions for installing or upgrading the following database
Follow Up
Follow up for
Follow Up Note
Follow Up Reason
Following audit log entry number is missing
Following is a new custom constant:
Following is a new custom language:
Following is a new definition (Language, Constant, Definition):
Following rows in the audit log have been tampered
Followup Services
Followups Indicated
Font Size
Font Size in Pt
Food Intolerance
Foot
Foot Problems
Foot:
Football Injuries
Football Injury
Football Injury Report
Footwear Type
for
For
for 
For a Recognized Panel of Tests
For a search to show results the codes must exist in the database.
For added ease of use the Fee Sheet needs to be customized
For an existing patient, go to Patient Summary->Documents. For a new patient, go to Miscellanous->New Documents
For automatically sending claims that are generated in EDI directory to the X12 partner using SFTP credentials X12 Partner Settings
For Category
For code
For Custom Groups
For Dates
For detailed instructions close the 'Enter Details' pop-up and click on the Help icon on the main form. 
For detailed instructions close the 'Enter Provider Details' popup and click on the Help icon on the main form. 
For each issue type there is a list of commonly selected titles which are customizable for your clinic's specific needs
For ease of use it is rendered as a unique 6 digit number
For editing the values under Procedures you would need to modify
For Encounter Claims
for Encounter on
For example:
For example: Privacy_Agreement.txt becomes "Privacy Agreement" button in Patient Documents.
For example: Privacy_Agreement.txt becomes Privacy Agreement button in Patient Documents.
For Firefox click
For full billing functionality in the United States CPT/HCPCS codes will then need to be installed
For HCFA 02/12 Box 15 is Other Date with a qualifier to specify what the date indicates
For HCFA 02/12 Onset date specified on the Encounter Form needs a qualifier
For Identifying Code use 34392 the code used by a major lab, if using an external lab this is a vendor specific code if not you can assign any unique value
for Invoice
For IPPF Argentina and maybe others
For IPPF Belize and maybe others
For IPPF Suriname and maybe others
For manual lab entry you can give the organization any name  - e.g Local Lab and click Save
For Medicare only, forces the referring provider to be the same as the rendering provider.
For Mental Status
For more information on Issues see the 
For NetSuite financial integration
for OBR placer order number
for patient
For procedures performed in the practice, whether it is an office based procedure or a lab or radiological procedure done in the facility, the provider can be defined as Local Lab, Office Based or have any descriptive name
For proper display of results the Identifying Codes for each test entered in the Procedure Orders module has to be unique
For proper display of results this is a required field
For proper display of the order and results the entry indicating a result has to be the immediate successor or child of an order
For proper tabulated display of tests and results an identifying code is required
For Provider
For Referred Organization/Practitioner
For sending claims directly to insurance company, based on X12 Partner Settings
For the deceased notification to appear the date of death must be noted under Medical Dashboard > Edit Demographics > Misc
For the name to appear on the drop-down list it must be first entered in Administration > Address Book 
For the past
For the Procedure Module to be useful several tests have to be setup using the above methods
For the Standard Code use the LOINC code 24326-1
For this name to show in the drop-down box in the Procedures > Providers setup page select only Lab Service as the Type even if it represents a Radiological facility
for this patient not yet assigned to any encounter.
For those interested details of OTP
For those interested in details of what constitutes a Continuity of Care Record (CCR) click on the eye icon
For those interested in what happens under the hood
For those lines the Description will indicate the details of the code
For those with administrative privileges an icon is displayed next to the My Messages caption
For TOTP to work a unique secret key must be shared between OpenEMR and the user
For U2F support on Linux click
for variable
for:
Force Billing Widget Open
Force claim balancing in EOB Posting
Force Create New Patient
Force logging of all Emergency User (ie. breakglass) activities.
Force Show
Forearm
Form
form
Form element not found
Form Keys
Form signed successfully
Form validation failed. Fix any errors and resubmit.
Format
format
Format for age display
Format incorrect for NDC
Format used to display most dates.
Format used to display most times.
Formatted Report
Former smoker
Forms
Forms Administration
Forms Administration (forms)
Forms Esigned
Formularies are inserted into table
Formularies inserted into table
Forward
FORWARD A DATED REMINDER
Forward message to practice.
Forward one drawing
Forward Pages via Fax
Forward this Reminder
Forward to current canvas
Forwarded
Forwarded Portal Message Re: 
Foster Child
Fourth
Fourth account message
Fracture
Fracture at the Navicula
Fracture lateral malleolus
Fracture medial malleolus
Fracture, Base of fifth (5th) Metatarsal
Frame
Frame support required
Free authenticator app
French
French (Canadian)
French (Standard)
Frequency
Frequent Colds
Frequent Illness
Fri
Friday
Friend
From
FROM
from
From Date Cannot be Greater than To Date.
From date should be less than To date
From Period
From the Issues Menu item on the Nav Bar
From the Patient dashboard via the individual Issues widgets on the right hand column
From your clinic
From:
From: 
FROM_CITY
FROM_EMAIL
FROM_FNAME
FROM_LNAME
FROM_MNAME
FROM_PHONE
FROM_PHONECELL
FROM_POSTAL
FROM_STATE
FROM_STREET
FROM_TITLE
FROM_VALEDICTORY
Front
Front Office
Front Office by Phone
Front Office in Person
Front Office Receipts
Front Office Receipts Report
Front Rec
Frontal Right:
Fr{{Friday}}
FTCF{{Full to count fingers}}
FTN{{Finger Tension abbreviation}}
FT{{finger tension}}
Fula- Fulah- Pulaar- Pular
Full Editor
Full Logging
Full Name
Full or Initial
Full path to directory containing MySQL executables.
Full path to directory containing Perl executables.
Full path to directory for event log backup.
Full path to directory used for temporary files.
Full path to your node executable for starting external node.js processes.
Full Play
Full Screen
Full Training
Fullscreen
Fully Paid
Functional
Functional and Cognitive Status
Functional and Cognitive Status Form
Functional Cognitive Status
Functional Condition
Funding Source
Further information regarding using the e-prescribing modules can be found by clicking this link
Future
Future Appointments
F{{Friday}}
G
G/DL
GAD-7
Galaxy S9/S9 Plus
Galician
Gall Bladder Condition
Gall Stones
Game Period
Games
Games Missed
games/events
Games/Events Missed
Ganda
Gastritis
Gastro Pain
Gastrointestinal
Gateway API Login Auth Name or Secret
Gateway for AuthorizeNet Manual Payments
Gateway for Sphere Payments
Gateway for Stripe Manual Payments
Gateway Publishable Key
Gateway Transaction Key
GCAC statistical reports.
GCAC Statistics Report
GCAC Statistics Reporting
GCAC Stats
GCAC visit form is missing
Gender
Gender 
Gender Missing
General
General Anxiety Disorder 7 (GAD-7)
General data
General Issue List
General physician
General Service Category
General Tab - lists the risk factors / past medical conditions on the left and the Results of various clinical exams, procedures and tests on the right
General Theme
General Theme (need to logout/login after change this setting)
Generally a good idea to include it
Generally, the first field in a group should be Label Cols = 1 Data Cols = number of Layout columns from Group Properties.
Generate
Generate and download CMS 1500 paper claims
Generate and download CMS 1500 paper claims on Preprinted form
Generate and download HCFA 1500 paper claims
Generate and download UB-04 CMS1450
Generate and download UB-04 CMS1450 with form
Generate and download X12 batch
Generate and download X12 encounter claim batch
Generate and transmit permissible prescriptions electronically (All Prescriptions).
Generate and transmit permissible prescriptions electronically (Not including controlled substances).
Generate and transmit permissible prescriptions electronically.
Generate CMS 1500
Generate CMS 1500 PDF
Generate CMS 1500 TEXT
Generate HCFA
Generate Institutional X12 837I
Generate Invoice
Generate Letter
Generate Letter regarding 
Generate new key
Generate New Receipt Number
Generate New Report
Generate PQRI report (Method A)
Generate PQRI report (Method A) - 2011
Generate PQRI report (Method E)
Generate PQRI report (Method E) - 2011
Generate QRDA I – 2014
Generate QRDA III - 2014
Generate Report
Generate Report - that opens the CCD in a separate tab on the browser
Generate Report - that opens the CCR in a separate tab on the browser
Generate Report that creates a report and displays it in a separate tab on the browser 
Generate safe key
Generate thumbnail
Generate thumbnail images
Generate Thumbnails
Generate Username And Password For
Generate X-12 Based On Insurance Company
Generate X12
Generate X12 837I
Generate X12 Encounter
Generate/Download QRDA I - 2014
Generated on
Generated thumbnail(s)
Generates
Generating and charting requisition for PSC Hold Order
Generating preview data. Please Wait
Generating requisition based on order HL7 content
Genericname1
Genericname2
Genericval1
Genericval2
Genitourinary
Genitourinary medicine physician
GEN{{General}}
Georgian
German
Gest age
Gest wks
Gestational Age
Get History
GET HL7
Get HL7
Get Started
Gift Card Customer requires at least one Gift Card Payment Method
Give a Name to this group, in our case it will be called Serum Chemistry
Give it a sequence number of 3
GI{{Gastrointestinal}}
Glare{{Acuity under Glare conditions}}
Glaucoma
Glaucoma Family History
Glaucoma Zone
Global
Global All Patients
Global Default Patient Country
Global ID
Global Settings
Globals
GM/DL
GO
Go
go
Go Back
Go back
Go to
Go to Administration > Address Book > Add New
Go to Administration > Globals > CDR > Dated reminders maximum alerts to show and change the value to a higher number
Go to Administration > Globals > Connectors
Go to Administration > Globals > Connectors and check the Enable MedEx Communication Service check box and click Save
Go to Administration > Lists, select each one of the above lists from the drop-down box and make changes as needed
Go to Administration > Lists. Select 'Fee Sheet' from the dropdown box
Go to Adminstration > Codes. Select ICD 10 under Type, enter ICD 10 Code, enter Description, under category select an appropriate category, this ICD 10 code will then appear when the button with that category is clicked
Go to Adminstration > Lists and select 'Code Types' from the dropdown box. Use either ICD 9 or ICD 10, inactivate ICD 9 and select 'No' in the last dropdown box under ICD 10
Go to Duplicate Manager
Go to Procedures > Providers and click on the Add New button
Go to week of
Go Today
Goal A
Goal and Methods
Goal B
Goal C
Gonioscopy
Gonio{{Gonioscopy abbreviation}}
Google Auth
Google Email for Login
Google reCAPTCHA V2 secret key
Google reCAPTCHA V2 site key
Google Sign-In Client ID
Got It
Grace Period
Grade of Injury
Grade:
grams
Grand Total
Grand Totals
Grandchild
Grandparent
Grant Type
Graphable
Great Grandparent
Greater Than
Greater Than or Equal To
Greek
Greek, Modern
Green lines show changes that were successfully applied.
Group
Group > Group > Procedure Order > Discrete Result
Group > Procedure Order > Discrete Result
Group appointments
Group Attendance Form
Group Attendance Statuses
Group detailed log of appointment in patient record
Group detailed log of appointment in patient record (gdlog)
Group Details
Group Encounter
Group Encounter Form
Group encounter log
Group encounter log (glog)
Group Finder
Group Home
Group Id
Group name
Group Name
Group names cannot be blank
Group names cannot start with numbers or spaces.
Group names cannot start with numbers.
Group Number
Group number
Group Payment
Group Properties
Group Search
Group Statuses
Group Type
Group's name
Group:
groupname
Groupname
Groups
Groups (groups)
Groups and Access Controls
Groups successfully saved.
Growth Chart
Growth-Chart
gtts(drops)
Guamanian
Guarani
Guaraní
Guardian
Guardian Email Address
Guardian's Name
Guardians Name
Guest counselors
Gujarati
GU{{Genitourinary}}
Gynecological Exam
h
H(T){{intermittent hypertropia}}
h.s.
H/O Hepatitis
had been successfully deleted. Any sub-categories if present were moved below
Haematoma / bruising
HAI Status
Haitian- Haitian Creole
Half-Sibling
Hand + fingers
Hand Problems
Handicapped dependent
Happy Birthday
Hard copy OTP
Hard copy OTP is used for online banking in some countries
Hard Disk
Hardship w/o
has been linked to visit
has expired
Hash
Hash Algorithm for Authentication
Hash did not exist for this file. A new hash was generated.
Hash does not match. Data integrity has been compromised.
Hashing algorithm for authentication. Suggest PHP Default unless you know what you are doing.
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hazardous activities
Hazardous Activities
HB{{abbreviation for Horizontal Prism Base}}
HCFA 1500 or CMS 1500 - both refer to the same form. Prior to 2001 the federal agency within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) that administers the Medicare program was called Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) since then it is called Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)
HCFA FORM
HCFA left margin in points
HCFA Margins
HCFA top margin in points
HCPCS Procedure/Service
HD
HD+
he PostCalendar 
Head
Head Circ
Head Circumference
Headache
Headaches
Header
header invalid
health care operations
Health Care Operations
Health Care Providers
Health centre/clinic
Health Insurance Claim Form
Health Level-7 or HL7 refers to a set of international standards for transfer of clinical and administrative data between software applications used by various healthcare providers
Health Maintenance Organization
Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) Medicare Risk
Healthcare facility
Hearing Loss
Heart Attack
Heart Disease
Heart Failure
Heart Problem
Heart Problems
Heart Surgery
Heart Transplant
HEART:
Heartburn
Heat or Cold
Heat Or Cold
Heavy tobacco smoker
Hebrew
Hebrew (modern)
HEENT
Height
Height/Length
Help
help
Help content goes here
Hematemesis
Hematochezia
Hematologic
Hematuria
Hemoglobin
Hemoglobin A1C
Hemoptysis
Hepatitis
Hepatitis A 1
Hepatitis A 2
Hepatitis B 1
Hepatitis B 2
Hepatitis B 3
here
Here is what we do know.
Here you can customize the ACL further.
Herero
Hernia Repair
Herniated Disc
Herpes
Hertel Exophthalmometry
HERT{{Hertel exophthalmometry}}
Hesitancy
heyyo. you have been here for 
Hib 1
Hib 2
Hib 3
Hib 4
Hidden
Hidden Events Administration
Hide
Hide Billing Widget
Hide Details
hide else set to
Hide Empty E-Sign Logs On Report
Hide Encryption/Decryption Options In Document Management
Hide Help Modal
Hide Menu
Hide print feature
Hide Reminders
hide this field
Hide/Show Columns
HIE
High
High (high)
High Blood Pressure
High{{Priority}}
Hindi
Hip + groin
Hip and groin
Hip Problems
Hip Replacement
Hipaa Message
HIPAA Notice Received
Hiri Motu
Hirsutism/Striae
Hispanic
Hispanic - Other (Born in US)
Hispanic - Other (Born outside US)
Hispanic or Latino
Historical information -source unspecified
History
History & Lifestyle
History - patient's past medical history, family history, personal history
History and Lifestyle
History and Lifestyle Help
History and Physical 2008
History Data
History Date
History Fields
History Murmur
History not authorized
History of Heart Murmur
History of Present Illness: A detailed HPI may be completed by using either four or more HPI elements OR the status of three chronic or inactive problems.
History Order
History order
Hits
HIV
Hives
HL7
HL7 - MSH-11 - Processing ID
HL7 - MSH-3.1 - Sending application
HL7 - MSH-4.1 - Sending facility
HL7 - MSH-5.1 - Receiving application
HL7 - MSH-6.1 - Receiving facility
HL7 Code
HL7 is supported by more than 1,600 members from over 50 countries, making it a widely accepted standard
HL7 Viewer
HL7-V3 Concept Code
HMOL/L
Hmong
Hold down [Ctrl] for multiple selections or to unselect
Hold down Ctrl button to select multiple issues
Hold down Ctrl to select multiple items
Hold down Ctrl to select multiple squads
Hold on! You have unsaved changes in another form. Please just Save this form and then complete the other one.
Holidays management
Home
Home Facility
Home Phone
Home Phone Number
Homeless
Homeless or similar?
Homeless Shelter
Homeless, etc
Homeless, etc.
Hooks
Horiz Base{{abbreviation for Horizontal Prism Base}}
Horiz Prism{{abbreviation for Horizontal Prism Power}}
Horizontal Prism Base
Horizontal Prism Power
Hospice
Hospital date needed for successful billing of hospital encounters
Host
Host Name
Host Name cannot be empty
hour
Hour
Hours
hours
How bad is it? 0-10, mild, mod, severe?
How did Injury Occur?
How did Injury Occur?:
How did they hear about us
How difficult have these problems made it to do work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people?
How long does it last?
How many months ahead to query for upcoming events?
How many sets of specimen labels to create?
How often have you been bothered by the following over the past 2 weeks?
How Paid
How Referred
How to display the patient name
How to sort a drop-lists
How-to Build the Impression/Plan
However SMS text messages can be intercepted and the use of SMS as a method of implementing out-of-band two-factor authentication is discouraged
However, you can not use this email for patient registration since it is already being used.
HPI
HPI Elements
HPI:
HP{{abbreviation for Horizontal Prism Power}}
HT
HTML
HTML Output?
HTN{{hypertension}}
Http Error
Https link for the OpenEMR Support LLC Lab Exchange Service.
HT{{hyperphoria}}
Hungarian
Hylafax Directory
Hylafax Enscript Command
Hylafax Server
Hylafax server hostname.
Hyperactive
Hyperphoria
Hypertension
Hypertension: Blood Pressure Measurement
Hypertension: Blood Pressure Measurement (CQM)
Hyperthyroidism
hypo(T){{intermittent hypotropia}}
Hypothyroidism
Hypotropia
hypoT{{hypotropia}}
Hysterectomy
I
I am busy during this time.
I do not have permission to read 
I have read and accept the
I have read and my practice agrees to the
I know but we need it!
IBAN
ICD
ICD10
ICD10 Diagnosis
ICD10 Procedure/Service
ICD9
ICD9 Diagnosis
ICD9 Procedure/Service
Icelandic
icon
Icon Legend
Icons
ID
id
Id
ID - select a unique three letter id, all in lower case
ID cannot be blank
ID Card
ID Card / Photos
ID Card/Photos - will display any ID Card or patient photo that has been uploaded to Documents > Patient Information > Patient ID Card and Patient Photograph folders
ID Number (ETIN)
IDays
identified as
Identifier
Identifier(one word)
Identifying Code
Idle Session Timeout Seconds
Ido
if
If a field's Data Col = 0 the data field will immediately follow its label field on the same line
If a field's Label Col = 0 the label will immediately follow the previous data field in the Order sequence, on the same line as the Data field.
If a field's Label Col = 1 the label field will go to a new line unless the previous field's total column values (Label + Data) is less than number of Layout columns from Group Properties or Layout Properties.
If a product is sold then change the default to reflect required number. Leave it at one for procedures
If a wrong code was selected click on the Coding text-box to to bring up the Select Codes pop-up page
If all data for all columns are complete for this form
If all the details were entered correctly you will see Blood Glucose in the Name column with a vertical bar before it indicating that it has no descendants or children, Result in the Category column, WWT01R in the Code column, the Tier column value should be 3 and the Description column should say Fasting Glucose result
If billing justification is used enter the name of the diagnosis code type.
If configured correctly the Name column should say Blood Glucose with a vertical bar before it indicating no descendants or children, the Category column should say Custom Order and both Name and Category columns will be highlighted in pink indicating a custom grouped order
If desired the current message can be printed
If enabled, this will send the execution time it took to verify hash to the php error log.
If enabled, use LDAP for login and authentication.
If enabled, uses the specified active directory for login and authentication.
if entered, select only those who have had this service
If it it still active i.e. End Date is not entered it will be displayed in red, if the problem has an end Date then it will be displayed in black
If name, any part of lastname or lastname,firstname
If NewCrop eRx - the electronic prescription module, is enabled the NewCrop MedEntry and NewCrop Account Status buttons will be appear here
If not listed you can add the drug to the Title text-box
If nothing is selected here then all are permitted.
If only capture the QR code but do not register the TOTP key with OpenEMR this feature will not be enabled at login
If patient has appointment click OK to create encounter otherwise, cancel this and then create an encounter for today visit.
If paying by
If person is deceased, then enter date of death.
If phone is lost will not be able to login
If privileges have to be modified then it can be done either one user at a time at Administration > Users or more conveniently on this page i.e. Administration > ACL where all users are listed on one page and more options are available.
If set as high will restrict visibility of encounter to users belonging to certain groups (AROs). By default - Physicians and Administrators
If SMTP is used, the server`s hostname or IP address.
If SMTP is used, the server`s TCP port number (usually 25).
If so desired the default board can be disabled by going to Administration > Calendar > Recall Board: Disable and checking the checkbox and click Save
If so you will have to create individual Procedure Orders (the orders) for these tests along with Discrete Results (the place to enter and display the returned result)
If successful it authenticates the user
If the checkbox is checked and the message is sent to multiple users then each user has to sign off on the message by clicking the Set As Completed Button for that message
If the checkbox is checked then each individual of a group receiving this message will have to sign off by clicking the Set As Completed button
If the csv file has been uploaded, then click on the "Import holiday events" button. NOTE that clicking on the button will remove all the existing rows in the calendar_external table
If the desired title is not included, it can be typed into the text box below the list
If the displayed table says No matching record found it means that the ICD10 code set is not installed
If the help file does not exist create one and place it in
If the issue has not been linked to an encounter it will display 0
If the medical problem is not listed in the drop-down box click on Coding text-box to bring up the Select Codes pop-up page
If the message is forwarded it will show up in the active messages list of the user to whom the message was forwarded and disappear from the current user's active messages list
If the Offsite Patient portal is enabled there will be either a button that says Create Offsite Portal Credentials provided the patient has given permission to access the online patient portal or a message that says Patient has not authorized the Patient Portal
If the Online Patient portal is enabled there will be either a button that says Create Online Portal Credentials provided the patient has given permission to access the online patient portal or a message that says Patient has not authorized the Patient Portal
If the Online/Offsite Portal Credentials has already been set the button will change to
If the patient has any demographic data entered in openEMR it will automatically populate the relevant fields on the right sections
If the patient has not authorized patient portal then a Patient has not authorized the Patient Portal message will be shown here
If the patient is being added to the recall list on the day of the visit it would reflect the current date
If the patient is calling back to be added to the list the last visit may be in the remote past. Be aware that the 1,2,3 plus years are calculated and displayed on the Date box at the bottom of this section
If the patient is deceased then the deceased notification will appear in red in this section
If the report is sent electronically all steps needed for safe and secure transmission of Protected Health Information (PHI) must be followed
If there is no vendor enter any arbitrary unique number, preferably a 5 digit zero-padded e.g. 00211
If these tests are being sent to the same external lab they will have identical vendor specific Identifying Codes causing duplicate lines to appear when results are displayed
If they have been configured correctly each result should have a Tier value of 4, indicating they are the successor or child to the first line above with a Tier value of 3, i.e Electrolyte Panel
If this page does not refresh, reload the Messages page manually
If unassigned will default to php.ini setting for date.timezone.
if unemployed enter Student
If value is left as zero, will be sorted alphabetically
If YMD is selected for age display, switch to just Years when patients older than this value in years
If you are having troubles logging into your account.
If you are interested in what happens under the hood
If you are only using a small subset of the CPT codes you can manually enter it in Administration > Codes
If you are planning on entering different prices for different modalities of payment go to Administration > Lists
If you are unsure or were using a development version between two releases, then choose the older of possible releases
If you are unsure or were using a development version between two releases, then choose the older of possible releases.
If you are upgrading from a version below 5.0.0 to version 5.0.0 or greater, do note that this upgrade can take anywhere from several minutes to several hours (you will only see a whitescreen until it is complete; do not stop the script before it is complete or you risk corrupting your data)
If you are using Electronic lab entry then fill in the required details and click Save
If you are using multiple labs enter the details for each one of them
If you change e-RX Role for ePrescription, it may affect the ePrescription workflow. If you face any difficulty, contact your ePrescription vendor.
If you change your Smartphone you can recapture the TOTP key QR code on to a new device by first logging in using the authenticator app on your old phone and then going to Miscellaneous > MFA Authentication and clicking the View button on the Current Authentication Method section
If you check the check box in any of these cells it will generate an entry in the last cell called Progress
If you choose to do a manual entry click the 'Invoice Search' radio button. It displays two sections 'Post Item' and 'Invoice Search'
If you choose to integrate lab results with the patient's record then some preliminary setup has to be performed
If you click on any user in the 'User Memberships' section you will now see these newly created group (ARO) in the 'Inactive' column. These can now be assigned in the usual fashion as needed.
If you click on the edit icon next to this newly created group (ARO) you will note that the 'Active' column contains only a single entry - Placeholder (Maintains empty ACLs). As yet this new group (ARO) has NO access to any part of the program as there are no ACOs assigned in the 'Active' column.
If you Click the blue + sign on Serum Chemistry you will see a new line called Organ/Disease Panel with a Category of Sub Group
If you continue to experience this error please contact support.
If you do not find a required value in the drop-down box you will need to add it via Administration > Lists > Procedure Units. Refer to the help file in Procedures > Providers
If you do not select a match the patient will be created.
If you do not select at least one of these, OpenEMR will operate in a receive-only mode
If you do not submit orders electronically or receive result electronically leave it as the default value, Download
If you do not want to allow this application to have offline access to your data, uncheck the offline_permission scope
If you do not want to do so the following method involves adding data manually using the openEMR interface
If you drill down to the Electrolyte Panel line and click on the + sign in the Name column you should see Sodium listed underneath it with a Category value of Result with a Tier value of 4
If you drill down to the Electrolyte Panel line you should see it have a Category of Order and be highlighted in yellow indicating that it is a search-able and valid order and has a Tier value of 3
If you had selected multiple codes they will be separated by semi-colons
If you have already filled the calendar_external table, then click on "Synchronize" button to have the holidays in the calendar view. NOTE that clicking on the button will remove all the existing items in the calendar view related to holidays
If you have an old superbill you can use its grouping of codes as a template to start the customization
If you have chosen to upload electronic remittances, then the search window redisplays itself with the matching invoices from the X12 file.  You may click on any of these invoice numbers (as described below) if you wish to make any corrections before the remittance information is applied. To apply the changes, click the Process ERA File button at the bottom of the page.  This will produce a new window with a detailed report.
If you have chosen to upload electronic remittances, then the search window redisplays itself with the matching invoices from the X12 file. You may click on any of these invoice numbers (as described above) if you wish to make any corrections before the remittance information is applied. To apply the changes, click the 'Process ERA File' button at the bottom of the page. This will produce a new window with a detailed report.
If you have enabled the TOTP method the next time you login you will be asked to enter the TOTP password
If you have entered a Pay Date in the search page, this will override the posting date of payments and adjustments that are otherwise taken from the X12 file.  This may be useful for reporting purposes, if you want your receipts reporting to use your posting date rather than the insurance company\'s processing date.  Note that this will also affect dates of prior payments and adjustments that are put into secondary claims.
If you have entered a Pay Date in the search page, this will override the posting date of payments and adjustments that are otherwise taken from the X12 file. This may be useful for reporting purposes, if you want your receipts reporting to use your posting date rather than the insurance company\'s processing date. Note that this will also affect dates of prior payments and adjustments that are put into secondary claims.
If you have followed all the above steps correctly you should see Serum Uric Acid under Name, it will be preceded by a vertical bar indicating the absence of descendants or children to this entry
If you have followed the above steps correctly the Serum Uric Acid Test should now have a + sign preceding the Name indicating the presence of successors or children
If you have lost your Smartphone those with administrator privileges can delete the keys by going to Administration > Users and checking the Clear 2FA checkbox and clicking Save
If you have NewCrop eRx module enabled then the allergies have to be entered on the NewCrop MedEntry page
If you have not already done some pre-configuration, including adding providers, do so by going to Procedures > Providers
If you have the need to order individual components of the panel you will have to create a separate Procedure Order for each individual component of the panel and store the returned result under a Discrete Result created in a fashion similar to that used earlier to create an order for Serum Uric Acid
If you hit the refresh button without setting any filters then all dated reminders for the user will appear below
If you leave it at the default of 0 then the top level entries that you make will be sorted alphabetically
If you made changes and want to re-send it, delete the original (in Communications) and try again.
If you made changes and want to re-send it, delete the original (in Communications) or wait 60 seconds, and try again.
If you need to manually enter the returned result each test (Custom Favorite Item) should have a Discrete Result as a direct descendant
If you see no entries in the Order From drop-down box it means that you have not set up a lab under Procedures > Providers
If you want to change data types, or add rows or columns
If you want to upgrade the database, then place the database zip file in the following directory
If your search was successful the search results will be displayed in the search results box below
Igbo
Ignore
III{{patient suffix}}
IIS Code
II{{patient suffix}}
Illness
IM
Image canvas
Image Results
Images
Imaging
Imaging Integration, and DICOM Diagnostic Imaging Reports - 2009
Imaging Service
Immune System
Immunization
Immunization Administered Site
Immunization Code
Immunization Completion Status
Immunization Date
Immunization Expiration Date
Immunization Information Source
Immunization Lot Number
Immunization Manufacturer
Immunization Observation Criteria
Immunization Observation Results
Immunization Ordering Provider
Immunization Refusal Reason
Immunization Registry
Immunization Registry Status
Immunization Registry Status Effective Date
Immunization Report
Immunization Service
Immunization Title
Immunization Vaccine Eligibility Results
Immunizations
Immunizations - lists immunization history and allows for adding new entries or editing existing ones
Immunize
Immunologic
Immuno{{immunologic}}
IMMUNO{{Immunology/Rheumatology}}
Imp
Imp Plan
Implants
Import
Import All
Import CCDA
Import CCR
Import certificate to the browser.
Import Configuration
Import deferred for time-to-live
Import Formularies
Import holiday events
Import Holidays
Import Patient
Import Patient Demographics
Import Patient Demographics XML
Import Pharmacies
Import Pharmacies Script
Important - the Identifying Code for Custom Favorite Group is always user defined
Important Codes
IMPORTANT: The NPI number also exists in the Address Book entry for the provider, take care to enter the correct NPI number
IMPORTANT: This upload tool is only for uploading documents on patients that are not yet entered into the system. To upload files for patients whom already have been entered into the system, please use the upload tool linked within the Patient Summary screen.
Imported Allergies
Imported from Accounting
Imported Medications
Imported Problems
Importing the entire CPT code set after you license it from the American Medical Association would get you all the relevant CPT codes in one fell swoop
Impression/Plan
Impression/Plan Builder
Improved
IMP{{impression}}
in
IN
In a likewise fashion you will create a Discrete Result for Potassium, Chloride and Carbon Dioxide
In a likewise manner create a Custom Favorite Item each for TSH (Sequence 2, Identifying Code WWT02, Standard Code 30166-3) and Vitamin D (Sequence 3, Identifying Code WWT03, Standard Code 35365-6)
In a likewise manner create a Discrete Result each for TSH (Sequence - 2, Identifying Code - WWT02R, Default Units - mU/L, Default Range - 0.4-4, leave Followup Services blank) and Vitamin D (Sequence - 3, Identifying Code - WWT03R, Default Units - ng/mL, Default Range - 0-20, leave Followup Services blank)
In addition there are 2 checkboxes
In addition to creating a Referral the system also allows you to print a blank referral form that can be manually filled to generate a Referral
In any case establishing a connection, ensuring HIPAA compliance, data security etc will require coding, the cost of which is generally borne by the lab. They however will only approve if the volume of business justifies their investment
in category
In Current Chat
in each eye
In exam room
In General
In House
In House Authorize Payments
in left eye
in nostril
In Office
In openEMR the Continuity of Care Record (CCR) reports to be generated can be limited to a specific date range by checking the Use Date Range check-box and entering the desired date range
In order to fulfill Meaningful Use requirements for Computerized Provider Order Entry (CPOE) for lab and radiology tests this module needs to be used
In order to properly store and retrieve test results and place new orders, tests/orders have to be setup in a hierarchical manner
In order to record the values of the results returned you have to create a separate Discrete Result (Tier 4) for each of the panel's constituents, the fruit, as direct descendants of this (General Health Panel) branch (Tier 3). Examples of the results being CBC - Hemoglobin, CBC - Hematocrit, CMP - Sodium, CMP - Potassium, TSH etc. 
In order to register your device, please provide your OpenEMR login password
In order to send Continuity of Care Record (CCR) and /or Continuity of Care Document (CCD) optionally check phiMail Allow CCD Send and/or phiMail Allow CCR Send to enable the Transmit feature for these data types
In our case we will choose Local Lab that was setup previously
In our case we will leave it as Unassigned
In person payments with Stripe Verifone P400
In Portrait mode, determines the height of the envelope along the y-axis in mm
In Portrait mode, determines the width of the envelope along the x-axis in mm
in right eye
In short electronic orders can be done, it involves a significant amount of testing and customization to be certified by the lab, generally through a third party and can only happen if the lab agrees to give the green light to the project
In the 'Post Item' section that is displayed at the top you may enter a source (e.g. check number), pay date and check amount. The reason for the source and pay date is so that you don\'t have to enter them over and over again for each claim. The amount that you enter will be decreased for each invoice that is given part of the payment, and hopefully will end at zero when you are done.
In the above example an order for a single test was created, i.e. Serum Uric Acid
In the default installation click on Add to bring up the Add/Edit Issue pop-up page
In the patient\'s words
In the second stage of Meaningful Use, the CCD, but not the CCR, was included as part of the standard for clinical document exchange
In this case the Custom Favorite Group will be called Preop Labs and the two recognized panels will be direct descendants, each in a Custom Favorite Item Tier named CBC and Renal Panel respectively
In this case you will create a Procedure Order, the fruit bearing branch called General Health Panel (Tier 3)
In total, there are seventeen sections that can be included within a Continuity of Care Record (CCR)
In Use
in-house
In-process
Inactive
inactive
Inactive - Lost to follow - up
Inactive - Moved or gone elsewhere
Inactive - Permanently inactive
Inactive - Unspecified
Inactive Days
Inactive Messages
Inbox
INCITS Code
Include all lists referenced in chosen layouts
Include all values reported for each result code
Include Checksum
Include Completed
Include Customers in checkout and receipts. See the Customers list.
Include Inactive
Include inactive
Include Inactive Providers
Include inactive providers in the fee sheet
Include inactive providers in the fee sheet.
Include inactive users
Include line item unit price amounts in checkout and receipts.
Include Uncategorized
Include Unstructured data
Include Vitals
Include vitals data?
Include your initials and details of reason for transaction.
Included Providers
including CVF{{Confrontational Visual Fields}} and Pupils
Inclusion
Income
Incoming results requiring attention:
Incomplete
Incomplete Abortion Treatment
Incontinence
Incorporate clinical lab-test results into certified EHR technology as structured data.
Incorrect confirmation PIN
Incorrect password!
Increase the limit to a larger number say 100 so that you can decide on which ones to act upon
increased:
Indemnity Insurance
Independent Clinic
Independent Laboratory
Indeterminate
Indian
Indian Health Service Free-standing Facility
Indian Health Service Provider-based Facility
Indicates abnormality
Indicates if this issue is an ophthalmic-specific medication
Indicates if this issue is currently active
Indications
Indicator for specialized usage
Indigent Patients
Indigent Patients Report
Indigents
Individual access can be tailored to fit the needs by assigning a user to one or more groups (AROs). The user will then inherit all the privileges, i.e have access to parts of the program (ACO), of each group (ARO) the user belongs to.
Individual pages can override 2nd and 3rd options by implementing a log message.
Individual tests or even individual recognized panel of tests can be grouped together as a Custom Favorite Group
Indonesian
Induced Abortion
Industry
Ineligible
Infection / Abscess
Infections
Infert Couns
Infertility
Influenza 1
Influenza 2
Influenza Immunization for Patients >= 50 Years Old
Influenza Immunization for Patients >= 50 Years Old (CQM)
Influenza Vaccine
Info
Info test 1
Info test 2
Info test 3
Info test 4
Info test 5
Info test 6
Informant
Information
Information regarding the Patient Portal is also shown in the header section
Information Source
inf{{inferior}}
inhalations
Inhale
inhilations
Initial Patient Population
Initial Treatment
Initial User
Initially Open Group
Initially Open Sections
Inj/Rehab
Injectables
Injection
Injured Body Part
Injured Out
Injury
Injury Log
Injury Mechanism
Injury Overview Report
Injury Surveillance
Injury Type
Injury/illness-related
Inline
Inpatient Hospital
Inpatient Psychiatric Facility
Input does not begin with a MSH segment
Input Fields
INR
Ins 1
Ins 2 or Ins 3
Ins Address
Ins adjust
Ins bundling
Ins Code
Ins Group
Ins Name
Ins overpaid
Ins Policy
Ins refund
Ins Summary
Ins/fin issue
Ins1
Ins2
Ins3
Insert
Insert failed: 
Insert in Form
Insert normals
Insert normals - 100/100
Insert normals - 11/11
Insert old events into tables
Insert special field
Insert the key into the USB port
Insert U2F Key
Insert your key into a USB port and click the Authenticate button below.
Inserted
Insomnia
Inspect the log
Inspection
Instability / subluxation
INSTALL
Install
Install ACL
Install Code Set
install DB
Install it by going to Administration > Other > External Data Loads > ICD10 > Staged Releases and click Install
Install Layout Service Codes
Install RxCUI monthly via Native Load or enable in Lists!
Install SQL
Install the EMR Direct trust anchor certificate
Installation Details
Installations processing a large number of Direct messages may want a shorter interval
Installed Release
Installing codes in openEMR
Instructed
Instruction
Instructions
Instructions:
Insufficient inventory for product
Insufficient inventory for product ID
Insulin Dependent Diabetes
Insurance
insurance
Insurance Address
Insurance Adj
Insurance Adjustment
Insurance Balance
Insurance Balance Due
Insurance Comp
Insurance Companies
Insurance Company
Insurance Company Search/Add
Insurance Credit
Insurance Data
Insurance ID
Insurance Information
Insurance information on file
Insurance Name
Insurance Numbers
Insurance Payment
Insurance payment
Insurance Payments
Insurance Provider
Insurance Search/Select/Add
Insurance Types
Insurances
Insured
Intake Conclusion
Intake Date
Integers1-100
Integrating lab results into a patient's chart in openEMR can be done manually i.e. both ordering tests and uploading the received results or electronically
Intellectual Decline
Inter-pupillary distance
Interact with created transactions
Interlingua
Interlingue
Intermediate Care Facility/Mentally Retarded
Intermittent Esotropia
Intermittent Exotropia
intermittent hyperphoria
Intermittent hypotropia
Internal Allergies
Internal error - no pages were selected!
Internal error - patient ID was not provided!
Internal error accessing uploaded file!
Internal error in tableNameFromLayout
Internal error!
Internal error, no drug ID specified!
Internal error: Cannot find MSH-10
Internal error: claim 
Internal error: encounter '
Internal error: pid or encounter is missing.
Internal error: the referenced encounter no longer exists.
Internal error: we do not seem to be in an encounter!
Internal Identifier (pid)
Internal Medications
Internal Problems
Internal Referrals
Internal Time Collected
International Duty
Internet Explorer browser version 6 to Internet Explorer browser version 11 does not support FIDO U2F API
Interpreter
Interpreter needed?
Interstitial Lung Disease
Interval
Interval (minutes)
Interval between message checks (set to zero for manual checks only)
Intervention
Intervention Provided
Intolerance
Intradermal
Intramuscular
intramuscularly
Intraocular Pressures
Intraocular Pressures (mmHg) by Date
intravenously
Introduction
Inuktitut
Inupiaq
Invalid character in
Invalid Content
Invalid Credit Card Number
Invalid Credit Card Values: Please correct
Invalid Current Credentials Error.
Invalid Date format or value! Type date as YYYY-MM-DD or use the calendar.
Invalid date range
Invalid encapsulated data encoding type
Invalid File
Invalid file type.
Invalid layout ID
Invalid length for
Invalid non-numeric character in
Invalid or missing payer in source for code 
Invalid password
Invalid recipient address. Please try again.
Invalid Request
Invalid Request Parameters
Invalid Service Codes
Invalid source designation "
Invalid Total!
Invalid username or password
InvAmt
Inventory
Inventory Activity
Inventory Administration
Inventory and sell both drugs and non-drug products
Inventory and sell drugs only
Inventory is not available for this order.
Inventory List
Inventory Management
Inventory Transactions
Invoice
invoice
Invoice Actions
Invoice Adjustment
Invoice and Line Levels
Invoice Balance
Invoice Balance cannot be posted. No Encounter is created.
Invoice Date
Invoice Details
Invoice has no date!
Invoice Level Only
Invoice Number
Invoice Reference Number
Invoice reference number pool, if used
Invoice Reference Number Pools
Invoice Refno Pool
Invoice Search
Invoice:
IOP Chart
IOP Dilated{{Dilated Intraocular Pressure}}
IOP Graph
ios
iPad Pro 10.5 inches
iPad Pro 12.5 inches
iPad/iPad Mini, XGA
iPhone 6/7/8 Plus
iPhone X/XS
iPhone XR/XS Max
IPPF
IPPF Abortion
IPPF Contraception
IPPF SRH Data for
IPPF statistical reports.
IPPF Statistics Report
IPPF Statistics Reporting
IPPF Stats
IPV 1
IPV 2
IPV 3
IPV 4
Iris
Irish
Irregular Heart Beat
Irritability
Irritation
is a different language version of the following database
is a different version of the following database
is a more recent version of the following database
Is a record of all financial transactions between the patient and the practice
is a required field.
is a root node and can not be deleted.
is an extension of the following database
Is Authorizing Signature
Is Confidential
Is Enabled
Is it ok to map these CVX codes to already existent immunizations?
is misplaced or unknown
is not a number
is not a valid email address
Is not selected
is not valid
is not valid (decimal fractions are OK).
Is PHP using Safe Mode?
Is Required. Contact Provider.
Is Required. Please Add in Contacts.
Is selected
Is text from form layouts to be translated?
Is text from lists to be translated?
Is The File Encrypted?
Is this a Clinical Term code type?
Is this a diagnosis type?
Is this a Medical Problem code type?
Is this a Medication type?
Is this a procedure/service type?
Is this active?
Is this code type active?
Is this code type used in claims?
Is this Okay?
Is this really OK?
Is this type hidden in the fee sheet?
Is this using external sql tables? If it is, then choose the format.
is too long
ISO 639-2 Code
Issue
issue
Issue Date
Issue ID
Issue Subtypes
Issue Title
Issue Type
Issue Types
Issues
Issues (Injuries/Medical/Allergy)
Issues (Injuries/Medical/Allergy):
Issues - summarizes the patient's medical problems, allergies, medications, surgeries and dental issues
Issues and Encounters
Issues and Encounters for
Issues and Immunizations wiki page
Issues can also be linked to zero or more encounters
Issues Help
Issues List
Issues not authorized
Issues Section
Issuing Agency
It allows the browser to communicate directly to the USB device avoiding the need for the user to do anything more than insert the device into an USB port and tap it to activate it
It also lets you create new groups (AROs) as well as remove existing ones.
It can also just receive results electronically
It can be either linked to a patient or just be a message addressed to another user(s)
It combines what the user knows i.e. user password with what the user has i.e. a device that is unique or a mechanism to generate/receive a unique code to be used at each login
It consists of three sections 
It consists of two parts - defining a Provider and configuring the Orders and Results
It consists of two parts - the Receiving application and Receiving facility
It consists of two parts - the Sending application and Sending facility
It contains a left and right section
It contains a QR code that needs to be captured by the authenticator app
It contains structured data that is included in the Continuity of Care Record (CCR) set to the the Clinical Document Architecture standard
It does not refer to the actual referral that has been created
It does so by using an algorithm to combine the current UNIX time with the secret key to generate an ever changing unique key
It has four tabs
It has three tiers 
It is a commercial messaging module available to openEMR practices utilizing version 5.0.1 and higher
It is a field in the HL7 Message header known as Processing ID
It is a part of the medical record
It is also a subscription based service
It is also necessary to list an ICD10 code in order for the problem to be listed in Continuity of Care Report (CCR) and Continuity of Care Document (CCD)
It is divided into two sections
It is essential that you read through the first four sections to understand the underlying principles
It is far easier and intuitive to make major changes and reorganize the data on the spreadsheet before you start entering the data in openEMR
It is important to realize that this manages the MFA for the logged in user
It is important to understand the function of these two icons as all subsequent steps needed to properly set up the hierarchy will depend on the correct use of these two icons
It is intended to include only the information that is critical to effectively continue care
It is issued to health care providers in the United States by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)
It is not necessary for local lab, instead you can use any arbitrary unique number
It is not necessary to fill default Diagnosis Codes as ICD10 codes can be entered at the time of the actual ordering of the test
It is not submitted with the claim
It is not uncommon to order several blood tests together, grouping them as a panel of tests facilitates this process
It is prudent to follow up with provider if not contacted.
It is the basic paper claim form prescribed by many payers for claims submitted by individual doctors & practices, nurses, and professionals, including therapists, chiropractors, and out-patient clinics, and in some cases, for ambulance services
It is used to link problems with encounters and is also used to see which encounters are associated to a particular issue
It is useful to practice on a trial site to become familiar with the process before doing so on the production openEMR application
It lets you search by ICD 9 and ICD 10 diagnostic codes and CPT4 and HCPCS service/procedure codes
It lets you send messages and dated reminders to staff members, add patient to the recall list and send SMS text messages to patients
It serves as a necessary bridge to a different environment, often with new clinicians who know nothing about the patient, enabling next provider to easily
It should be UTF-8 encoded with comma separated values.
It therefore stands to reason that you cannot create a Counter-Referral by itself
It uses an open standard and therefore available from various manufactures
It uses the HMAC-SHA256 hash function to generate a unique private key for the account
It uses this private key to sign the challenge and sends the response back to the application
It will be displayed in the visit summary
It will bring up the Enter Details pop-up form
It will bring up the Multi patient finder  popup
It will display the justify display pop-up. It has a search box that wil let you search for a ICD code.  It will also display the 10 most commonly used ICD codes. You can select any or all codes by checking the J (justify) checkbox and pressing update
It will have a value of 2 in the Tier column indicating it is a successor or child on the first line above having a Tier value of 1 which in this case is Serum Chemistry
It will have two sections - the Issues Section and the Encounters Section
It will help later in troubleshooting problems that may arise with your configuration of the Procedure Orders module
It will open the Create New Message section
It will take you to the MedEx sign-up page
It will then appear in the Allergies widget on the Patient Dashboard as well as under allergies in the Issues page
It will then appear in the Medications widget on the Patient Dashboard as well as under Medications in the Issues page
Italian
Item
item
Item added
Item Adjustment
Item deleted
Item Details
items
Items load failed
IU/L
IUD
IV
IVE Client List
IV{{patient suffix}}
Jaeger
Jaeger{{Near Acuity Type Jaeger}}
Jan
January
Japanese
Jaundice
Javanese
Job Description
Job ID
Joint dislocations
Joint Pain
Joint sprains
Jr
Jr.
JSON Web Key Set
JSON Web Key Set (Note a hosted web URI is preferred and this feature may be removed in future SMART versions)
JSON Web Key Set URI
Jul
July
Jump to Next Row
Jun
June
Just below the check information is a blue area where you put in your search parameters.  You can search by patient name, chart number, encounter number or date of service, or any combination of these.  You may also select whether you want to see all invoices, open invoices, or only invoices that are due (by the patient).  Click the Search button to perform the search.
Just Mine
Justification Entries
Justify
Justify Dx
Justify each CPT code with one or more justifications using the dropdown box. These will reflect the diagnosis codes that was previously selected in 'Select Codes'
Justify/Save
JWT not found in system
J{{Justify Header}}
k, here's the rest 
K1{{Keratometry 1}}
K2{{Keratometry 2}}
Kalaallisut, Greenlandic
Kannada
Kanuri
Kashmiri
Kazakh
key
Key
Key access failed with error
Key for multiple database credentials encryption
Key Name
Keywords
kg
kg/m^2
Khmer
Kidney Cancer
Kidney Failure
Kidney Infections
Kidney Stones
Kidney Transplant
Kikuyu, Gikuyu
Kindle Fire HDX, Laptop MDPI, WXGA
Kinyarwanda
Kiosk
Kirundi
Knee
Knee Problems
Knee Replacement
Komi
Kongo
Korean
Kurdish
Kwanyama, Kuanyama
Kyrgyz
l/min
Lab
Lab Configuration
Lab Documents
Lab Exchange Site Address
Lab Exchange Site ID
Lab Exchange Token ID
Lab Order
Lab overview
Lab Overview
Lab Query Status
Lab Reference ID
Lab Report
Lab Result
Lab Results
Lab Results (write,addonly optional)
Lab Results Category Name
Lab Results Report
Lab Service
Lab Test Results
Lab/File
Label
Label cannot be blank
Label Cols
Label for this type
Label printed by
LabelCols must be a number between 1 and 999
Labels
Labels can be printed either for one patient or for all the selected patients
Laboratory Information
Laboratory Test
Labs
Laceration / skin condition
Laceration/abrasion
LAC{{left anterior chamber}}
LADate
LAD{{left adnexa}}
Laminas Module
Landscape
Language
Language Code
Language definition added
Language Interface Tool
Language Interface Tool (language)
Language List (write,addonly optional)
Language List (write,addonly optional) (language)
Language Name
Language:
Lao
Laotian
Laptop HiDPI, WXGA+
Laser Interferometry
Laser Interferometry Acuity
Last
Last Action
Last Activity Date
Last Appendectomy
Last Bill Date
Last Bill Date:
Last Breast Exam
Last Calendar Year
Last Cataract Surgery
Last Cholecystestomy
last date of this event
Last Encounter
Last Gyn. Exam
Last Heart Surgery
Last Hernia Repair
Last Hip Replacement
Last Hysterectomy
Last Knee Replacement
Last Level Billed
Last Mammogram
Last Menstrual Period
Last Modified
Last Month
Last Name
Last name
Last Name Missing
Last name, First name
Last name, first name
Last name, first name (title)
Last name, first name (title: comments)
Last Name:
Last Physical Exam
Last Prostate Exam
Last Rectal Exam
Last Reviewed
Last Run Started At
Last Saved
Last Sigmoid/Colonoscopy
Last Stmt
Last Tonsillectomy
Last Tx Date
Last update
Last Update
Last update by
Last Verified On
Last Visit
Last X-ray
Lastly is the view to show templates assigned to patients.
Last{{Name}}
Late Recurrence (2-12 Mo)
Lateral Malleolus
Lateral malleolus:
Laterality
Laterality of this procedure, if applicable
laterally displaced PMI:
Latest Health Alerts
Latest Medical Records
Latest Results Only
Latest Visit or Consultation
Latin
Latvian
lat{{lateral}}
Launch
Launch URI
Law Firm
Lawyer
Layout
Layout (need to logout/login after change this setting)
Layout Based
Layout Columns
Layout Editor
Layout groups
Layout ID
Layout ID is required
Layout Properties
Layout Style
Layout-Based Transaction Forms
Layout-Based Visit Forms
Layouts
lb
LBF Encounter Form Preview
LBF_Validations
lbs
LB{{left brow}}
LCMT{{left Central Macular Thickness}}
LCUP{{left cup}}
LC{{left conjunctiva}}
LDAP - Distinguished Name of User
LDAP - Login Exclusions
LDAP - Server Name or URI
LDL
LD{{left disc}}
leave blank if still active
Leave Blank To Keep Original Filename
Leave blank to keep password unchanged.
Leave Coding Blank
Leave coding blank as currently you can only enter ICD10 codes
Leave Destination blank
Leave it blank if the problem is still active
Leave Message With
Leave the Followup Services blank and click Save
Leave The Form
Leaving the pass phrase blank will not encrypt the document
Ledger
Ledger - Summarizes and tabulates all the charges, payments, adjustments and balances for all encounters pertaining to the patient
Left
Left Arm
Left Deltoid
Left Ear
left ear
Left Gluteus Medius
Left Lens
Left Lower Forearm
Left Margin (mm)
Left Thigh
Left Vastus Lateralis
Left w/o visit
Left-Form Layout
Left:
Left: 
Leg Pain/Cramping
Legal
Legal Authenticator
Legal Paper Size
Legend:
Length
Length of modifier, 0 if none
Lens
Lens Material
Lens Material Options
Lens Thickness
Lens Treatments
Less Than
Less Than or Equal To
Less-private information (write,addonly optional)
Less-private information (write,addonly optional) (relaxed)
Lets you delete a line or row. Hit 'Refresh' and the line will have a strikethrough across it
Lets you filter the results as per the chosen criteria
Lets you send messages to staff members about patient related matters
Letter
Letter Generator
Letter Paper Size
Letterhead that doctor signs
Letterhead that patient signs
Lev Fn{{levator function}}
Levator Function
Level of urgency
LF{{levator function}}
LH{{left hertel measurement}}
Liability
Liability Medical
Library
License/ID
Licensed Prescriber
Licensed Prescriber First Name
Licensed Prescriber Last Name
Licensed Prescriber NPI
Licensed Prescriber Title (Prefix)
LicensedPrescriber Last name
LicensedPrescriber NPI
LicensedPrescriber UPIN
Life partner
Life threatening severity
Lifestyle
Lifestyle - lists the patient's use of Tobacco, Coffee, Alcohol, Recreational Drugs etc
Lifestyle status
Ligament tear or sprain
Light tobacco smoker
Likewise Laterality is not relevant in this context and can be left Unassigned
Limburgish, Limburgan, Limburger
Limit Of Events
Limit service provider selection according to the facility of the logged-in user.
Limited Exam
Limited HPI
Limits
Line
Line Items Only
Lingala
Link
Link To Patient
Link to Referential CDS
Link/Add Issues (Injuries/Medical/Allergy) to Current Visit
Linked
Linked document
Linked procedure order
linked to document
linked to procedure order
List
List box
list box
list box w/ add
List box w/add
List box w/comment
List box w/search
List Editor
List encounters
List Forms
List groups
List Insurance Companies
List item ID
List items can not start with a number.
List items contains illegal character(s).
List layout items
List lists
List modifiers, up to 4 can be listed, each separated by a space or a colon
List Name
List names cannot start with numbers.
List of 
List of health care practitioners
List of previous refractions
List of previously dispensed Spectacle and Contact Lens Rxs
List Prescriptions
List used by above Country Data Type option.
List used by above State Data Type option.
Listening port of the RFC 5425 TLS syslog server.
Listing an ICD10 code will let you search for educational material for that particular code 
Lists
Lists (lists)
Lithuanian
Living Will
LI{{Laser Interferometry Acuity}}
LI{{Laser Interferometry}}
LI{{left iris}}
LK{{left cornea}}
LLL:
LLL{{left lower eyelid}}
LL{{left iris}}
LL{{left lens}}
LMAC{{left macula}}
LMC{{left medial chathus}}
LMP
Load Compendium
Load Definitions
Load from CSV
Load Lab Compendium
Load Lab Configuration
Load OE Question Options
Load Order Definitions
Load Order Entry Questions
LOAD SUCCESSFUL. Codes inserted
Loading
LOADING
Loading data
Loading more results
Loading prior image
Loading the files into the database. This will take some time...
Loading... Please wait
LOBI Insurers Report
LOC
Local
Local Content
Local Filesystem
Local Filesystem will store the order as a HL7v2.3 message in a predefined location in the local server hosting openEMR
Locale
Locality
Location
location of the openemr machine and may contain sensitive data, so it is recommended to manually delete the files after its use
Location of this lot
Location unspecified
Location where Hylafax stores faxes.
Location where scans are stored.
Location:
Lock
Lock an e-signed form individually
Lock e-signed encounters and their forms
Lock?
Locked
Locked Payment Pending
Log all NewCrop eRx Requests and / or Responses.
Log entire document
Log In
Log in
Log In Name is unavailable. Try again!
Log is cleared. Please close window.
Log Out
Log Types
Log was already empty. Please close window.
Logged in
Logged in as
Logged in as: 
Logged in User if provider, otherwise Current Provider
Logged out.
Logging
Login
login
Login - details are only required if you are connecting to a facility using the SFTP protocol 
Login Into Facility
Login name of WordPress user for portal access
Login Page Layout
Login Page Tagline
Login to remote host
Login to this remote host failed
Login Trusted Email
Login User Name
Login with your user id and password and it will automatically authenticate you
Logout
logout
Logs
Logs Viewer
LOINC
LOINC Code
LOINC, rhymes with oink, is a database and universal standard for identifying medical laboratory observations
Look back one drawing
Look Up
Lot
Lot ID missing!
Lot Number
Lots
Low
Low Priority
Lower leg
Lower Lids
Lowest Priority
Low{{Priority}}
LP{{left peripheral retina}}
LT{{lens thickness}}
Luba-Katanga
Luhn
LUL{{left upper eyelid}}
Lumbar spine
LUNCH
Lunch
Lung Cancer
Lung Cancer Surgery
LUNGS:
Lungs:
Lupus
Luxembourgish, Letzeburgesch
LVIT{{left vitreous}}
LV{{left vessels}}
L{{left side}}
L{{left}}
M
MA Category
MA Client Accepting Abortion
MA statistical reports.
MA Statistics Reporting
MA Stats
Macedonian
Macula
Mail
Mail Order
Mail Sent
Mailing Address
Main
Main Address
Main and API
Main Counselors
Main Log
Main Menu Role
Main Provider
Main Top Pane Screen
Main Top Pane Screen(Or Default First Tab)
Mainly Authorize.Net uses two keys
Maintain active medication allergy list.
Maintain active medication list.
Maintain an up-to-date problem list of current and active diagnoses.
Make modifications to current categories.
Make new appointment for
Make Payment
Make subsequent fields in the same row, Label = 0 Data = 0 and ensure enough columns are available from previous items to allow space for this new item. Otherwise result could be unpredictable
Make sure "
Making batch text files for uploading to Clearing House and will mark as billed
Malagasy
Malaise:
Malay
Malayalam
Male
Male Condoms
Male VSC
Maltese
Mammogram
Manage
Manage Hooks
Manage Lists
Manage Modules
Manage modules
Manage modules (manage_modules)
Manage Multi Factor Authentication
Manage Templates
Manage Translations
Management
Manager
Mandatory
Mandatory and specified fields
Mandatory or specified fields only, dup check, no search
Mandatory or specified fields only, search and dup check
Mandatory or specified fields only, use patient validation Zend module
Manifest (Dry) Refraction
Manual
Manual eREQ
Manual Posting
Manual Processing Required
Manually retrieve description on Fee Sheet
Manually type into the New DX box above.
Manufacturer
Manufacturing Date
Manx
Many code items have a lookup/hint.
Many companies block operations with USB ports on corporate computers
Many of the LOINC codes can be used for both tests and their results
Maori
Mar
Marathi
Marathi (Marathi)
Marathi (Marāṭhī)
March
Marginal Reflex Distance
Marital
Marital Status
Mark all as read
Mark as Billed
Mark as billed but skip billing
Mark as Cleared
Mark as not billed
Mark as Unique
Mark Message as Completed
Mark Note as Completed
Mark these reports as reviewed
Marked as cleared
Married
Marshallese
Mask
Mask for Invoice Numbers
Mask for Patient IDs
Mask for Product IDs
Mass Immunization Center
Match
Match case
Match Found
Match Patient
Matched Patient
Matching for Patient
MaternalAunt
MaternalCousin
MaternalGrandparent
MaternalGreatgrandparent
MaternalUncle
Matrix
max
Max
Max 255 characters
max file count reached
max file count reached - reload names below
Max number of results to process at a time per Lab
Max Size
Maxillary Right:
Maximum Age
Maximum characters
Maximum Failed Login Attempts
Maximum Failed Login Attempts (0 for no maximum).
Maximum idle time in seconds before logout. Default is 1800 (30 minutes).
Maximum idle time in seconds before logout. Default is 7200 (2 hours).
Maximum length of password (Recommend using the default value of 72 unless you know what you are doing).
Maximum number of times a Patient can be tested in a year
Maximum number of times a Patient can be tested in a year. Zero is no limit.
Maximum Password Length
Maximum reasonable inventory, 0 if not applicable
Maximum Size
Maximum Size (entering 0 will allow any size)
Maximum size of thumbnail file
May
MBO 
MC
mcg
MDM Document Category Name
Means none of last three passwords are allowed when changing a password.
Measure Blood Pressure
Measure Group Code
Measure INR
Measurement
Measurement Units
MedEx automates Appointment Reminders and Recalls using phone calls, text messages and e-mails
MedEx Communication Service
MedEx needs a valid mobile number to send SMS messages...
MedEx Setup
Medial Canthi
Medial malleolus:
Medicaid
Medicaid Original Reference No.
Medical
Medical Abortion
Medical Administration
Medical Dashboard
Medical Dashboard Help
Medical History
Medical Issue
Medical issue
Medical Issues
Medical prescription
Medical Problem
Medical problem
Medical Problem Issue List
Medical Problems
Medical Problems - will show the patient's medical issues, Issues > Medical Problems
Medical Record
Medical Record #
Medical Record Dashboard
Medical Records
Medical Records and History (write,addonly optional) (med)
Medical Records Sent
Medical Specialty
Medical Summary Given
Medical System
Medical Type
Medical/History (write,addonly optional)
Medical/History (write,addonly optional) (med)
Medicare Part B
Medicare Referrer Is Renderer
Medication
Medication Allergy List
Medication Dosage Instructions
Medication Issue List
Medication List
Medication Reconciliation Performed?
Medication Request Intent
Medication Usage
Medications
Medications - lists the medications under Issues > Medications. If eRx is enabled the medication list has to be entered on the eRx page
Medications Allergy List
Medications:
Medicine Units
Medium
Medium{{Priority}}
MedlinePlus Connect
med{{medial}}
Member Association Statistics Report
Member Id
Memory Problems
Men
Men and Women
Men Only
Menarche
Menopause
Menstrual Flow
Menstrual Frequency
Mental Illness
Mental Status
Menu
Menu (menu)
Menu Text
Menus
Menus (menus)
Merge
Merge and Discard
Merge and Keep
Merge complete.
Merge Patients
Merge to any patient
Message
Message and Reminder Center
Message Center
Message Center Help
Message content is not plain text so it has been stored as a document.
Message from patient
Message List
Message Log
Message Sent
Message Status
Message Title
Message to patient
Message to Reviewer
Message type
MESSAGE:
Messages
Messages - due date
Messages Screen
Messages You have sent Today
Messages, Reminders
Messages, Reminders, Recalls
Messaging
Method
Method and Specific Product
Method Change at this Clinic
Method for sending outgoing email.
Method of Destruction
Mexican/MexAmer/Chicano
Mexico
MFA
MFA Authorization
MFA Manaagement
MFA Management
MFA Verification
mg
mg/1cc
mg/2cc
mg/3cc
mg/4cc
mg/5cc
MG/DL
mid
Middle
Middle Name
Middle name
Middle{{Name}}
Midlevel Prescriber
Midlevel Prescriber DEA
Midlevel Prescriber First name
Midlevel Prescriber Last name
Midlevel Prescriber NPI
Midlevel Prescriber Prefix
Midlevel Prescriber UPIN
Mid{{Middle Distance Add}}
Mid{{middle Rx strength}}
Mid{{Middle segment in a trifocal glasses prescription}}
mid{{middle}}
Mien
Migrant or seasonal worker?
Migrant Seasonal
Migrant/Seasonal
Mil/CU.MM
Mild
Mild anxiety disorder
Mild to moderate
Military Treatment Facility
MIME Type
MimeType
Min
min
Min length is 8 with upper,lowercase,numbers mix
Min/Max Inventory as Months
Min/max inventory is expressed as months of supply instead of units
Mini
Minimal Logging
Minimize this panel
Minimum Age
Minimum length of password.
Minimum Password Length
Minor joint strain +/- synovitis
minute
Minute
Minutes
minutes
Mirth IP
Misc
Misc Billing Options
Misc Billing Options for HCFA-1500
Misc Billing Options HCFA
Miscellaneous
Miscellaneous Billing Options for HCFA-1500
Missed
missing
Missing a required field
Missing a required field and will be highlighted
Missing email config record
Missing Fee
Missing Identifying Code
Missing information, so aborting credit/void.
Missing Insurance Payer Id
Missing Mods Only
Missing or Invalid
Missing Patient ID
Missing PID.
Missing report date
Missing slash after payer in source for code 
Missing SMS config record
Missing Subscriber Policy Number or DOB
Missing Title
Missing user credentials
Missing/invalid notification id
Mixed
mL
ml
MM/DD/YYYY
mm/hg
mmHg
MMR 1
MMR 2
mm{{millimeters}}
Mobile
Mobile Phone
Mobile phones
Mobile phones are ubiquitous and are generally easily accessible by any user
Mobile Unit
Mod
Mod Date
Mode - Do Not Show SQL Queries
Moderate
Moderate Priority
Moderate to severe
Moderate/Low Priority
Modern/images
Modifier
Modifier 22: Increased Procedural Services: When the work required to provide a service is substantially greater than typically required, it may be identified by adding modifier 22 to the usual procedure code.
Modifier 24: Unrelated Evaluation and Management Service by the Same Physician During a Postoperative Period
Modifier 25: Significant, separately identifiable evaluation and management (E/M) service by the same physician on the day of a procedure or other service
Modifier 57: Indicates an Evaluation and Management (E/M) service resulted in the initial decision to perform surgery either the day before a major surgery (90 day global) or the day of a major surgery.
Modifier(s)
Modifiers
Modify
Modify Date
Modify Patient Form
Modify Payments
Modifying
ModLength
Module
Module Directory not found
Module Installer
Module Name
Module name already exist
Modules
Modules (modle)
Mon
Mon thru Fri
Mon, Wed &amp; Fri
Monday
Mongolian
Monocular Pupillary Diameter - Distance
Monocular Pupillary Diameter - Near
month
Month
Month View
Month(s)
Monthly Income
months
Months
months ago
Mood/Affect Nml{{Mood and affect normal}}
More Actions
More appointments may exist
More information about Clinical Decision Rule can be found here
More information about Issues can be found here
More information about what phiMail is and how to set it up is available here
More information available at the openEMR MedEx wiki page
More information on how to edit this form and other such forms can be found here
More information on the use of phiMail messages is available here
More options
More than
More than 100 records found. Please narrow your search criteria.
More than 1000 records found. Please narrow your search criteria.
More than 50 results, please make your search more specific.
More than half of days
More than half the days
More than one appointment was found
Moreover there is a recurring cost incurred in sending the text messages
Most activities in relation to a patient are based on an encounter
Most column headers can be clicked to change sort order
Most often this is due to a Username/Password mismatch
Most recent from
Most recent lab data:
Most recent visit
Most recent vitals from:
Mother
Mother's Name
Mothers History
Mothers Name
Motility
Mouth
Move
Move Document to Category:
Move Down
Move failed!
Move the individual items from 'Active' to 'Inactive' or vice-versa by selecting the items and pressing the relevant button with the double chevron.
Move to Patient
Move to Patient PID
Move to...
Move Up
Moving
Mo{{Monday}}
MPD-D{{abbreviation for Monocular Pupillary Diameter - Distance}}
MPD-N{{abbreviation for Monocular Pupillary Diameter - Near}}
MR (Dry)
Mr.
MRD{{marginal reflex distance}}
MRI Safety Status
MRN (pid)
MRN Reference
MRNear{{Manifest Near Acuity}}
MRNear{{manifest refraction near}}
Mrs.
MR{{Manifest Refraction}}
Ms.
MSH-11
MSH-3.1
MSH-4.1
MSH-5.1
MSH-6.1
MSH.8 message type is not supported
MSH.8 message type is not valid
MSI (requires LBFmsivd form)
MSP
MSP Code
MSP Remit Codes
Multi Factor Authorization - MFA has been increasingly used to authenticate a user without making the process of authentication too onerous
Multi Factor Authorization Help
Multi Language Tool
Multi Select Patients or All Patients using toolbar Location
Multi-select desired DX(s) and click the
Multi-Select Facilties
Multi-Select Provider
Multiple areas
Multiple DataBase
Multiple files can be uploaded at one time by selecting them using CTRL+Click or SHIFT+Click.
Multiple Lots
Multiple modifiers can be separated by colons or spaces, maximum of 4 (M1:M2:M3:M4)
Multiple Select List
Multipledb
Multipledb (multipledb)
Multiracial
Murmur:
Musc Ache
Musc Aches
Musc Redness
Musc Stiffness
Musc Swelling
Musc Warm
Muscle
Muscle injury
Musculoskeletal
Musculo{{musculoskeletal}}
Must be 12 to 80 characters
Must be current email address on file.
Must be empty if SMTP authentication is not used.
Must be future date
Must choose at least one day!
Must have an encounter to take credit card payment.
Mutually Defined
MVA
MVX Code
My Appointments
My Dashboard
My default facility
My Default Values
My Documents
My Health
My Messages
My Profile
My Signature
My Term
Myself
M{{Monday}}
Māori
N.B.{{Nota bene}}
N/A
n/a
N/A{{not applicable}}
Name
NAME
Name (click for more)
Name (GMDN PT Name)
Name - Select a provider name from the drop-down list
Name 1
Name 2
Name and Title of Immunization Administrator
Name for this Category, Procedure or Result
Name in EMR
Name must be like codetype_code_language.pdf, for example icd9_274.11_en.pdf
Name of Events
Name of insurance company
Name of Provider
Name of the sender for patient reminders.
Name of the Surgeon
Name of zend template for html print
Name of zend template for html print, possible to add custom template in the PrescriptionTemplate module
Name of zend template for pdf export
Name of zend template for pdf export, possible to add custom template in the PrescriptionTemplate module
Name on Card
Name Translation
Name/Username
Name/Value
Name:
Names
Namespace
Narcotic drugs imported
NARES:
NARES: Normal Right
Narrative
nasal
Nasal mucosa pink, septum midline
Nation Notes
Nation Notes (nationnotes)
Nation Notes (nn_configure)
Nation Notes Configure
Nation Notes Replace Buttons
Nationality
NationNotes
Native Data Loads
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
Natural Child
Natural child
Natural Parent
Natural Sibling
Nauru
Nausea
Nav Bar
Navajo, Navaho
Navigation
Navigation area includes encounter forms
Navigation area uses full height of frameset
Navigation Area Visit Forms
Navigation Area Width
Navigation Area Width for Frames
Navigation menu consists of pairs of radio buttons
Navigation menu is a tree view
Navigation uses a sliding menu
NCI CONCEPT ID
NCOM{{Neuro comments}}
NCPDP
NDC
NDC Data
NDC Number
Ndonga
Near
Near Acuity AutoRefraction
Near Acuity Manifest Refraction
Near Acuity with Autorefraction
Near Acuity with Correction
Near Acuity with Manifest (Dry) refraction
Near Acuity without Correction
Near Point of Accomodation
Near Point of Convergence
Nearly every day
Necessary Medical Equipment
Neck
Neck Problems
Neck supple
Need more than one drug.
Need to enter a description
Need to enter a Return Value
Need to enter identifier
Need to enter title
need to logout/login after changing these settings
Needs a Smartphone
Needs Auth
Needs Justify
Needs secondary billing
Neg/Nrml
Negative
Negative payments not accepted
Negatives
Neg{{negative}}
Neighbor
Neo 10%
Neo 2.5%
Nepali
Nerve injury
NetSuite Reports
Network Indicator
Neural condition / nerve damage
Neuro
Neuro Numbness
Neuro Weakness
Neuro-physiology
Neuro/Phys Exam Default Values
Neurologic
Neurology
Neuro{{neurologic}}
NEURO{{Neurology}}
Never
Never Alcohol
Never smoker
New
New =>
New Acceptor Policy
New Acceptors
New Alerts
New Allergy
New amendment request
New Appointment
New Categories
New Category
New Clients
New Consultation
New Crop
New Definition set added
New Document
New Documents
New Due Clinical Reminders
New Dx{{new diagnosis}}
New Encounter
New encounter created with id
New Encounter Form
New encounters not authorized
New Enctr
New Facility Information
New file
New Files
New form validation
New Group
New group encounter created with id
New Group Encounter Form
New Group Information
New group was saved successfully
New Immunization Record
New in ACL Ver 4
New in ACL Ver 5
New in ACL Ver 6
New in ACL Ver 7
New in ACL Ver 8
New in openEMR ver 5.0.2 
New Inj/Status
New Items (see above for details)
New Layout
New Limit of Events
New List
New Message
new messages
new method in contraception form does not match the contraception service
New Note
New or Current Password
New or Current Username
New Orders
New Paragraph
New Password
New Patient
NEW PATIENT
New Patient Encounter
New Patient Form
New Patient ID
New patient registration received from patient portal. Reminder to check for possible new appointment
New Patients
New Payment
New payment
New Portal Login
New Procedure Order
New Pt
New Recall
New results from Lab Exchange
New Search
New Submissions
New to openEMR 5.0.2
New User
New Value
New Visit
New/Search
NewCrop Account Status
NewCrop Admin
NewCrop call failed
NewCrop Doctor
NewCrop eRx Account Id
NewCrop eRx Account Name
NewCrop eRx Debug Setting
NewCrop eRx Default Patient Country
NewCrop eRx Name
NewCrop eRx Partner Name
NewCrop eRx Password
NewCrop eRX Role
NewCrop eRx Role
NewCrop eRx Site Address
NewCrop eRx SOAP Request Time-To-Live for Allergies
NewCrop eRx SOAP Request Time-To-Live for Medications
NewCrop eRx User Role
NewCrop eRx User Role * invalid selection *
NewCrop eRx Web Service Address
NewCrop Manager
NewCrop MedEntry
NewCrop Midlevel Prescriber
NewCrop Nurse
NewCrop Supervising Doctor
Newer
NewRx
Newspaper
Next
Next Appointment Date
Next Day
Next Due
Next Month
Next month (hold for menu)
Next of Kin Relationship
Next Scheduled Run
Next Visit
Next Visit Orders
Next Week
Next year (hold for menu)
Nick Name
Nickname
Niece/Nephew
Night Sweats
NKDA{{No known drug allergies}}
Nl ext genitalia, vag mucosa, cervix
No
NO
no
No access
No active access tokens found
No active patient reminders.
No active refresh tokens found
No adenopathy (2 areas required)
No adjustment reason type found for
No adnexal tenderness/masses
No alert
No amendment requests available
No anxiety disorder
No Appointments
No archive files present
No Archives
No Assessment to Display.
No audit log tampering detected in the selected date range.
No authorized users found for this client
No automatic refresh
No available readers.
No billing system is currently active
No Bills Found to Include in OFX Export
No Bills Found to Include in OFX Export<br>
No Changes Detected
No code was specified!
No Configuration Defined for this Module
No data available in table
No Data to Process
No Diagnosis
no diagnosis was auto-generated from the clinical findings.
No directory for X12 partner 
No Documents
No Documents Found
No Encounter could be created
No encounter...
No end date
No entries found, use the form below to add an entry.
No errors found
No Events
No Fax Number Saved For The Selected Organization
No file specified
No files staged for installation
No form selected to order!
No group was selected
No hernia
No history recorded
No Hooks Available in this Module
No Hooks enabled for this Module
No injury/illness
No Insurance Companies Found
No interactions found
No invoices were checked.
No Issues
No issues in this encounter.
No items under selected category
No items were selected!
No Known Allergies
No Known Clinical Instructions
No Known Encounters
No Known Immunizations
No Known Lab Results
No Known Medications
No Known Plan of Care
No Known Problems
No Known Procedures
No Known Referrals
No Known Social Functional Status
No Known Social History
No Known Vitals
No lab data documented.
No Language ID specified
No log file exist for the selected date
No logging
No logs older than 7 days
No masses, tenderness
No match Patient record found for the given Re Idenitification code
No matches for
No matches found. Try search again.
No matches were found.
No matches were found. Create the new patient now?
No matching records found
No Maximum
No member fields found for
No method enabled
No Minimum
No Name
No new messages on
No new results found
No notes
No ogrganomegoly
No openings were found for this period.
No Order found, please enter procedure order first
No organomegaly
No other phone numbers listed
No parameters selected
No Partners Found
No Patient record found for given Selection criteria
No Patient record found for the given Re Identification code
No patients to select
No patients without scores were found.
No peripheral edema
No Pharmacies Found
No Prescriptions Found
No prescriptions selected
No presenting illness/injury
No previous entries.
No Primary Business Entity selected in facility list
No prior encounters.
No procedures in this encounter.
No provider was matched
No Providers Found
No rash or abnormal lesions
No Recall
No records available
No records found
No records found.
No records found. Please expand your search criteria.
No registered SMART apps in the system
No reminder/recall
No Reminders
No Result Found, for the above search criteria.
No Results
No results found
No results found for
No Results Found For Search
No results found, please try again.
No results, please tray again.
No results, please try again.
No scopes
No Settings avaliable in this module
No Show
No show
no signature in document
No signatures on file
No Sinus Tenderness:
No skin dimpling or breast nodules
NO SUCH CONTEXT NAME
No table selected! Select a table.
No testicular tenderness, masses
No Thanks
No thrills or heaves
No track selected
No tracks have been documented.
No translations!
No version of Internet Explorer supports U2F
No visit
No vitals have been documented.
No X-12 partner assigned for claim 
No, Cancel
No-fault Insurance including Auto is Primary
No:
Nocturia
Non Paid
Non Provider
Non Reported Report
Non specific injury
Non-Consumable Only
Non-electronic
Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes
Non-Insured
Non-residential Substance Abuse Treatment Facility
Non-SRH Medical
Non-SRH Non-Medical
None
none
None defined
None documented
None have been documented
None of the above
None of the Top Distribution Row Can be Completly Blank.
None required
None Selected
None{{Advanced_Directives}}
None{{Amendment}}
None{{Appointment}}
None{{Authorization}}
None{{Category}}
none{{Code}}
None{{Diagnosis}}
None{{Disclosure}}
None{{Encounter}}
None{{Group}}
None{{Immunizations}}
None{{Insurance}}
None{{Issues}}
None{{Issue}}
None{{Note}}
None{{Partner}}
None{{Patient}}
None{{Prescriptions}}
None{{Recipients}}
None{{Result}}
None{{Sales}}
None{{Sensitivity}}
None{{Side}}
none{{Symptoms}}
none{{Template}}
None{{Therapy Group}}
None{{Transaction}}
Noninsulin Dependent Diabetes
Nor
Normal
Normal (normal)
Normal BL
Normal Cardiac Exam:
Normal Cardiac Exam: 
Normal Lung Exam:
Normal Lung Exam: 
Normal Office Visit
Normal Oropharynx:
Normal Right
Normal Right:
Normal View
normal:
Normally this should be checked. Not related to access control.
North Ndebele
Northern Sami
Norwegian
Norwegian Bokmal
Norwegian Bokmål
Norwegian Nynorsk
Nose
Nosebleed
not a letter or number
Not active
Not Administered
Not all fields are required for all codes or code types.
Not all old browsers support U2F. Using the latest versions of modern browsers - Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge and Opera should suffice
Not Allowed
Not allowed to delete the Administrators group
Not Allowed to Edit
Not allowed to inactivate all security objects
Not allowed to inactivate anything from the Administrators ACL
Not allowed to remove the admin user from the Administrators group
Not allowed to remove this user from the Administrators group
not answered
Not applicable
Not Applicable
Not at all
Not authorised to access PostCalendar module
Not Authorized
Not authorized
Not authorized for this squad!
Not authorized for this squad.
Not authorized to manage users!
Not authorized to sign results
Not authorized to view this encounter
Not authorized!
Not Available
Not being able to stop or control worrying
Not Billed
Not billed
Not Checked
Not checked out
Not Coded
Not controlling worry
Not documented
Not Due
Not Esigned
Not Examined
Not Examined:
Not Examined: 
Not For Diagnostic Use
not found
Not Found
not found!
Not Hispanic or Latino
Not installed
Not Installed
Not Possible
Not Required
Not required.
Not required. This password is for generated admin.p12
Not seen since
Not sent
Not Sent Yet
Not signed.
Not Specified
Not Specified.
Not VFC eligible
Not yet implemented.
Note
NOTE
Note Category
Note Codes
Note Details
Note it is recommended to avoid approving SMART apps that do not register as a confidential client. These apps are less secure and should be highly restricted in the OAUTH2 scopes you allow them to access.
Note it will take 5-10 minutes to fully process after you click Install
Note it will take 5-10 minutes to fully process after you click Upgrade
Note that Audit Logging needs to be enabled above
Note that the Eventlog Backup is currently set to save in the following folder
Note that the pop-up form heading will now read Enter Details for Custom Favorite Group
Note that the pop-up form heading will now read Enter Details for Discrete Results
Note that the pop-up form heading will now read Enter Details for Individual Procedures
Note there is no 'Save' button.
Note this refers to the Continuity of Care Record (CCR) or Continuity of Care Document (CCD) as the case may be
Note Type
Note: 12:00 noon is PM, not AM
NOTE: Importing external data can take more than an hour depending on your hardware configuration. For example, one of the RxNorm data tables contain in excess of 6 million rows.
NOTE: Only the Biannual International Snomed Release is currently supported
NOTE: Only the Biannual International Snomed Releases and the US Snomed Releases are currently supported
NOTE: Only the full monthly RxNorm release is currently supported
NOTE: Only the XML formats and Eligible Professionals valuesets supported
NOTE: The import can take up to several hours
Note: This code has not been authorized.
Note: This code was not entered by an authorized user. Only authorized codes may be uploaded to the Open Medical Billing Network for processing. If you wish to upload these codes, please select an authorized user here.
Note: This copay was entered against billing that has not been authorized. Please review status.
Note: this is not an email address
NOTE: Uploading files with duplicate names will cause the files to be automatically renamed (for example, file.jpg will become file.1.jpg). Filenames are considered unique per patient, not per category.
NOTE: Uploading files with duplicate names will cause the files to be automatically renamed. For example '<i>file.jpg</i>' will become '<i>file.jpg.1</i>'. Filenames are considered unique per patient, not per category. 
Notes
NOTES
Notes - A short description that will show up as a tooltip
Notes - any encounters (write,addonly optional)
Notes - any encounters (write,addonly optional) (notes_a)
Notes - my encounters (write,addonly optional)
Notes - my encounters (write,addonly optional) (notes)
Notes by
Notes not authorized
Nothing found - sorry
Nothing Pending for Approval
Nothing Recorded
Nothing returned to report
Nothing to display
Nothing to import for Allergy
Nothing to import for Prescription
Nothing to Post! Please review entries or use Cancel to exit transaction
Nothing To Report
Nothing to show
Nothing to show for current actions.
Nothing was selected
Notice
Notice how the Top Group entry that was initially created called Serum Chemistry now has a blue + sign before its name indicating the presence of descendants or children to this entry
Notice Received
NOTICE:: PostCalendar Submission/Modification
Notification
Notification Email Address
Notification FAILED
Notification FAILED: Not Portal Authorized
Notification sent to
Notification Settings
Notifications
Notify Admin About Event Submission/Modification?
Notify Patient
Notify Patients Portal
Notify via Patient Portal
Nov
November
Now is the time to check and adjust the settings in openEMR for default units, sites, etc., refer to the help file in Procedures > Providers
Now posting for
Now posting for:
Now printing
Now printing $stmt_count statements and updating encounters.
Now printing $stmt_count statements and updating invoices.
Now printing $stmt_count statements; encounters will not be updated.
Now printing $stmt_count statements; invoices will not be updated.
Now when you bring up the Select Codes pop-up you will see all the ICD10 codes listed
Now when you bring up the Select Diagnosis Codes pop-up you will see all the ICD10 codes listed
NPA{{near point of accomodation}}
NPC{{near point of convergence}}
NPI
NPI - Enter the Provider's unique 10-digit National Provider Identifier or NPI identification number
NQF
Number
Number labs
Number of Appointments on Statement
Number of Appointments to display in the Group Summary
Number of Appointments to display in the Onsite Patient Portal
Number of Appointments to display in the Patient Summary
Number of columns in year view.
Number of days before showing fifth account message
Number of days before showing first account message
Number of days before showing first account message.
Number of days before showing fourth account message
Number of days before showing second account message
Number of days before showing third account message
Number of days that the client certificate is valid.
Number of days to search from the start date
Number of digits after decimal point for currency, usually 0 or 2.
Number of encounters to display per page.
Number of Excluded Appointments to display in the Tooltip
Number of games or events missed, if any
Number of hours in advance to send email notifications.
Number of hours in advance to send Phone notification.
Number of hours in advance to send SMS notifications.
Number of Messages Displayed in Patient Summary
Number of Minutes to display completed checkouts
Number of Minutes to display completed checkouts. Zero is continuous display
Number of past history columns
Number of patients to display per page in the patient list.
Numbness
Numerator
Numeric display order
Nuosu
Nursing Facility
Nutrition
Nutritional
O.A.F.V.
O2 Sat
OAuth2 using SMART-on-FHIR profile (see http://docs.smarthealthit.org)
Obesity I
Obesity II
Obesity III
Objective
Obligatory participation
Observation
Observation Criteria
Observation Criteria Value
Observation Form
Observation Results
Observation Results in Immunization
Occitan
Occupation
Occupational physician
occurred while uploading file named
Occurrence
Oct
October
OD
OD{{right eye}}
oeFHIR
of
of quantity
of tablets
of the month every
Ofc Notes
Off
Off (Recommended setting)
Off Campus-Outpatient Hospital
Off: No Service.
Office
Office Announcements
Office Note
Office Notes
Office Visit
Official Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) Measure Groups
Offline access end date
offline_access
Offsite Https link for the Patient Portal.
Offsite Https link for the Patient Portal.(Patient Link)
Offsite Patient Portal Password
Offsite Patient Portal Password(Put Blank If not Registered).
Offsite Patient Portal Provider ID
Offsite Patient Portal Provider ID(Put Blank If not Registered).
Offsite Patient Portal Site Address
Offsite Patient Portal Site Address (Patient Link)
Offsite Patient Portal Username
Offsite Patient Portal Username(Put Blank If not Registered).
Offsite Portal web Service Failed
Offspring
Offspring History
Oh Snap!
OID
ointment
Ojibwe, Ojibwa
OK
Ok
OK to close this other popup window?
OK to link the GCAC issue dated
Old
Old Church Slavonic, Church Slavonic, Old Bulgarian
Old Clients
Old fracture non / malunion
Old Medication
Old style layout with no left menu
Old-style static form without search or duplication check
Older
Older than
Oldest drawing
Omit
Omit circumferences
Omit employer information in patient demographics
Omit Employers
Omit form, route and interval which then become part of dosage
Omit insurance and some other things from the demographics form
Omit internal users?
Omit method of payment from the co-pay panel
omit to autoassign
On
on
on file email
On first page
On for Both Roles
On for Patient Role
On for Users Role
On Hand
On mobile devices tap once on the label to reveal the help icon and tap on the icon to show the help section
On opening, all dx code rows that match the new procedure from procedure order form will be marked and then will scroll to the first match.
On Order
On Site
On the other hand if you click register but do not capture the QR code with the authenticator app you will not be able to login
On these lines the Code column will be blank
On this date there is a holiday, use it anyway?
On-line
On: HAPI FHIR.
On: Smart on FHIR.
Once a rule is setup it can be enabled for a particular patient
Once a template is uploaded, you may change the category at anytime from the repository view.
Once a template or available profile have been selected the Send button will show in the Scope toolbar. Click it to perform the action. A confirmation popup will then show on success or an error message otherwise.
Once a Transaction is saved it will appear on the Transaction page
Once an appointment is scheduled the name automatically drops off the recall board
Once an appointment is scheduled the recall will drop off the Recall Board
Once completed, view and store this encounter as a PDF file
Once finished editing, click Save. The procedure forms current procedure diagnoses will fill exactly as built in this dialog.
Once saved the entity for a Custom Favorite Group cannot be changed. If you need to change the entity you have to delete this entry and create a new one
Once the app captures the QR code it will show the OpenEMR user name in the app
Once the Primary Business Facility is set, changing the facility id will affect NewCrop ePrescription.
Once the Primary Business Facility is set, it should not be changed. Changing the facility will affect the working in NewCrop ePrescription.
Once this feature is enabled you will be required to type in the 6 digit key at each login
Once this is done the shared secret key that is unique for each user should only exist in OpenEMR and on the user's authenticator app
Once this step is completed you can proceed to next step - to configure the tests that can be ordered from the system
Once you change your password, you will have to re-login.
Once you select a justification code for the first CPT line all subsequent CPT code lines will have the same justification. Can be manually altered later if so desired
Oncology: Medical and Radiation – Pain Intensity Quantified (CQM)
One Day Ago
One Day Ahead
One Encounter Per Day
One Month Ago
One Month Ahead
One or more transactions failed
One such lab uses 905 for Uric Acid and in our example we will enter that number in the box
One time
One Time PIN
One Time verification PIN
One Week Ahead
One Year Ago
One Year Ahead
One-time password or OTP is a commonly used strategy used to provide a unique code for each login
Online
Online Support
Online Support Link
Online Users
Only Active
Only applicable if a provider or collated list was chosen above. PRIMARY only selects patients that the provider is the primary provider. ENCOUNTER selects all patients that the provider has seen.
Only entries with a Code are billable
Only for comparisons
Only for HTML5 compatible browsers.
only if billing location
Only images files are accepted
Only Inactive
Only Include E-Signed Forms On Report
Only Mine
Only need to set this if the server is not providing the correct host for OAuth2, FHIR or CCDA. Example is
Only one TOTP Key can be set up per user
Only recall to provider, no reminder
Only reminder to provider, no recall
Only Show Active Codes 
Only Show Diagnosis Reporting Codes
Only Show Service Code Finance Reporting Codes
Only upload active prescriptions
Only upload active prescriptions to NewCrop eRx.
Onset
Onset of Current Symptoms or Illness
Onset of Illness:
Onset of Ilness: 
Onset of Swelling:
Onset/Hosp Date for Encounters
Onset/hosp. date
Onset/hosp. date - is used for billing hospital encounters
Onset/hosp. date:
Onsite Activity Views
Onsite Patient Activities
Onsite Patient Portal
Onsite Patient Portal Site Address
Onsite Portal
Onsite Portal Activities
Onsite Portal Reviewed
Oops!
Open
Open a spreadsheet and type in the various groups, procedure orders and discrete results, arrange according to need
Open a spreadsheet in openoffice/LibreOffice create 5 columns - three for E/M / CPT codes and two for the ICD code categories
Open all expandable forms in expanded state
Open and review the message content and any attachments
Open Demographics in New Window from Patient Flow Board
Open Encounter
Open Fee Sheet
Open Forms Module
Open in New Window
Open invoice (will refresh page)
Open Med Practice and its suppliers use their commercially reasonable efforts to provide the most current and complete data available to them concerning prescription histories, drug interactions and formularies, patient allergies and other factors, but by your use of this service you acknowledge that (1) the completeness and accuracy of such data depends upon the completeness and accuracy with which it is entered into connected electronic databases by physicians, physician’s offices, pharmaceutical benefits managers, electronic medical records firms, and other network participants, (2) such data is subject to error or omission in input, storage or retrieval, transmission and display, technical disruption, power or service outages, or other interruptions in electronic communication, any or all of which may be beyond the control of Open Med Practice and its suppliers, and (3) some information may be unavailable due to regulatory, contractual, privacy or other legal restrictions. You are responsible to use your clinical judgment at all times in rendering medical service and advice.
Open Patient
Open Patient in New Window
Open the Quick Pick panels
Open the Shorthand Window and display Shorthand Codes
Open Today`s Visit
Open/Close Ant Seg panels
Open/Close External Exam panels
Open/Close Imp/Plan panels
Open/Close Neuro panels
Open/Close Post Seg panels
Open/Close the Anterior Segment drawing panel
Open/Close the Anterior Segment Exam Quick Picks panel
Open/Close the detailed HPI panel
Open/Close the External drawing panel
Open/Close the External Exam Quick Picks panel
Open/Close the HPI Canvas
Open/Close the Imp/Plan drawing panel
Open/Close the Impression/Plan Builder panel
Open/Close the Neuro drawing panel
Open/Close the Neuro Exam Quick Picks panel
Open/Close the PMH draw panel
Open/Close the PMSFH panel
Open/Close the PMSFH summary panel
Open/Close the Retina drawing panel
Open/Close the Retinal Exam Quick Picks panel
Open/Close the Shorthand Window and Codes
Open/Close the Shorthand Window and display Shorthand Codes
Open/Close the Shorthand Window and display Shorthand Codes next to each field
Open/Close the Shorthand Window and display Shorthand Codes.
OpenEMR
OpenEMR allows one TOTP but multiple U2F methods per user
OpenEMR already has a Certificate Authority configured.
OpenEMR App Registration
OpenEMR Application
OpenEMR Application Category
OpenEMR Authorization
OpenEMR Database Upgrade
OpenEMR Database Upgrade for De-identification
OpenEMR does not recognize the incoming file in the contrib directory. This is most likely because you need to configure the release in the supported_external_dataloads table in the MySQL database.
OpenEMR Login
OpenEMR must be configured to use certificates before it can create client certificates.
OpenEMR offers 2 methods of 2FA
OpenEMR Portal
OpenEMR Product Registration
OpenEMR requires Javascript to perform user authentication.
OpenEMR Users
Openings
Opens in Bottom frame
Opens in Top frame
Operation Failed
Operative Note - 2009
Operator
Opthalmic
Optic Discs
Optic Nerve Analysis
Option
Option one, apply the changes to only the Current event. Option two, apply to this event and all Future occurrences or lastly, apply to All event occurrences?
Option to save method of document storage.
Option to support inventory and sales of products
Optional
Optional category name for an ID Card image that can be viewed from the patient summary page.
Optional category name for photo images that can be viewed from the patient summary page.
Optional category name of a document to link to from the patient summary page. Lets you click on a patient name to see their ID card.
Optional default range for manual entry of results
Optional default units for manual entry of results
Optional Destination Name
Optional Destination or Dicom Study Name
Optional drug name, use % as a wildcard
Optional end date
Optional end date mm/dd/yyyy
Optional immunization name or code, use % as a wildcard
Optional information about this event
Optional lot number, use % as a wildcard
Optional numeric patient ID
Optional procedure code
Optional procedure/service code
Options
OR
Or
or choose
or click and drag for faster selection.
Or create this new field ID
Or Out To
or select from inventory
or Shift-click to decrease it
Or upload ERA file:
or utilize the Impression/Plan Builder
Oral
Oral mucosa pink, throat clear
Order
Order - The order in which the item will be displayed - incrementing by 10 will allow for up to 9 values to be inserted in between if so desired at a later date
Order and Result Types
Order Catalog
Order Date
Order Descriptions
Order Documents
Order Documents and Logs
Order for
Order Form
Order From
Order HL7 Content
Order ID
Order Log
Order must be a number between 1 and 999
Order must be a number between 1 and 9999
Order Name
Order Notes
Order Priorities
Order Processor
Order Questions
Order Results
Order Status
Order Statuses
Order Successfully Sent
Order Summary
Order Test Type
Order Tracks
Order Type
Order Types
Order/Result Type
Ordered
Ordered By
Ordered Procedure
Ordering
Ordering a recognized panel of tests
Ordering Physician
Ordering Provider
Ordering Provider is required but not selected!
Ordering tests individually can be tedious and there are two ways of ordering multiple tests together
Orders
Orders and Results are setup in an hierarchical manner, there are four tiers in this hierarchy
Orders Path
Orders Path - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility
Order{{Sequence}}
Organ injury
Organization
Organization Name
Organizational Unit Name
Organizations
Orientated x 3
Oriented TPP{{oriented to person and place}}
Origin
Origin Description
Original
Original Checksum
Original file
Original file deletion error
Oriya
Oromo
OROPHARYNX: 
Ortho
Orthophoric
Orthopnea
ORTHO{{Orthopedics}}
Ortho{{orthophoric}}
OR{{as in AND/OR, ie. not an abbreviation}}
OS
Osetoarthritis
Ossetian, Ossetic
Osteopathy
OS{{left eye}}
Other
other
OTHER
Other (specify)
Other - lists items not covered in the above sections
Other - Specified
Other adult
Other Documents
Other Federal Program
Other HCFA
Other injury not elsewhere specified
Other Liability Insurance is Primary
Other Logs
other month
Other Non-Federal Programs
Other Notes
Other Pertinent Symptoms
Other Pertinent Symptoms:
Other Place of Service
Other Provider
Other pt resp
Other Registry
Other stress/Over use injury
Other Surgical
Other/Generic Abortion-Related
Other/Miscellaneous
Others
Otherwise known as Dated Reminders are short messages of up to 160 characters
otherwise you will destroy references to/from existing data.
OTP can be delivered by various methods
OTP can be generated either using time synchronization where the current time is combined with a secret key and hashed to generate the OTP or using mathematical algorithms were an initial seed (a random number) is combined with the previously used password to generate the OTP
Ottawa Ankle Rules
OU
Our Out To
OUT
Out Of Office
Out Time
Outbound Referral
Outcome
Outline Data Col
Outline Entire Row
Outlook
Outpatient Hospital
Output Type
OU{{both eyes}}
Over
Overall Status Of Discharge
OVERDUE
Overlay CMS 1500 on the Preprinted form
Override (if necessary) the appointment display limit to allow all appointments to be displayed for the last set
Override HIPAA choice
Overuse
Overview
Overweight
Overwrite HIPAA choice
Owner
Oxygen Saturation
oz
P
p.c.
p.m.
p.r.n.
Pachymetry
Pachymetry: Central Corneal Thickness
Pachy{{Pachymetry}}
Pacific Islander
Paedeatric
Page
Page not found
Page Validation
Pages
Paid
Paid amount that you will allocate
Paid Amt
Paid Via
Pain
Pali
Palliative care physician
Palpitation
PAM{{Potential Acuity Meter}}
Pan
Panama
Panjabi, Punjabi
Pap Smear
Paper
Paper Size
Paralysis
Parent
parent in-law
Parent Recall
Parent Written Record
Parental decision
Parse HL7
Parse Token
Partially Administered
Participant's name
participants
Participants 
Partner
Partner Name
Partner Name issued for NewCrop eRx service.
Partner not configured
Pashto, Pushto
Pass Phrase
Pass phrase to decrypt document
Passed Patients
Passive Alert
Passive Alert - that will be displayed in the Clinical Reminders widget section
Passive Alert Rules
password
Password
Password Change
Password change successful
Password change successful.
Password does not meet minimum requirements and should contain at least each of the following items: A number, a lowercase letter, an uppercase letter, a special character (not a letter or number).
Password does not meet minimum requirements and should contain at least three of the four following items: A number, a lowercase letter, an uppercase letter, a special character (Not a leter or number).
Password Expiration
Password Expiration Grace Period
Password for Phone Gateway.
Password for Phone Gateway. Automated VOIP service provided by Maviq. Please visit http://signup.maviq.com for more information.
Password for SMS Gateway
Password for SMS Gateway.
Password for the above user
Password security has recently been upgraded.
Password to connect to CouchDB
Password too long. Maximum characters allowed
Password too short. Minimum 8 characters required.
Password too short. Minimum characters required
Password update error!
Password:
Passwords do not match
Passwords do not match.
Passwords Don't match!
Passwords must be 8-12 characters long and include one capital letter, one lower case letter and one special character
Past Appoinments
Past Appointment Display Widget
Past Appointments
Past Appointments - will show all past appointments
Past Date
Past due
Past Due
Past Due Interval (Clinical Reminders)
Past Due Interval (Patient Reminders)
Past Encounter List
Past Encounters
Past Encounters and Documents
Past Encounters for
Past Medical History
Past meetings
Past Ocular History
Past Ocular Surgery
Past Surgical History
Past Therapy Group Encounters
Past Year
Paste HL7 Data
Paste the data to import into the text area below:
Pat
Pat Ledger
Patch
Patch was also installed, updating version patch indicator
PaternalAunt
PaternalCousin
PaternalGrandparent
PaternalGreatgrandparent
PaternalUncle
Path for Event Log Backup
Path to CA Certificate File
Path to CA Key File
Path to MySQL Binaries
Path to Perl Binaries
Path to Temporary Files
Patient
PATIENT
patient
Patient Access
Patient Address
Patient Address is missing
Patient Adj
Patient Adjustment
Patient allergies
Patient Allergies
Patient already in form
Patient and Insured Informatiom - Boxes 1 - 13 and Physician or Supplier Information - Boxes 14 - 33
Patient Appointment
Patient Assigned Templates
Patient Balance
Patient Balance Due
Patient Billing Note
Patient birthday alert requires turning off
Patient Characteristics
Patient chart ID
Patient Chat
Patient Checkout
Patient Checkout for 
Patient City
Patient City is missing
Patient city missing
Patient Communication sent
Patient Comunication Sent
Patient Country
Patient Country is missing. Also you have not set default Patient Country in Global Settings
Patient Coverage
Patient Credentials Reset
Patient Credit
Patient Dashboard
Patient Data
Patient Date Of Birth
Patient Date Of Birth is missing
Patient decision
Patient Default
Patient Demographics
Patient details
Patient Details
Patient DOB
Patient DOB missing
Patient Document
Patient Document Template Forms
Patient Document Template Maintenance
Patient Document Template Upload
Patient Document Templates
Patient Documents
Patient Education
Patient Education Materials
Patient Encounter
Patient Encounter Form
Patient Encounters
Patient Finder
Patient Finder Screen
Patient First name
Patient First Name
Patient First name is missing
Patient Flow Board
Patient Flow Board Report
Patient Flow Board Rooms
Patient Flow Board Timer Interval
Patient Gender
Patient Gender is missing
Patient Groups
Patient has not authorized the Patient Portal.
Patient Height Vital is required under age 19
Patient History
Patient History / Lifestyle
Patient Home phone
Patient ID
Patient Id
Patient ID card
Patient ID Category Name
Patient identifying information
Patient Images
Patient Immunization
Patient Information
Patient Information (patients)
Patient Instructions
Patient Insurance Distribution
Patient Insurance Distribution Report
Patient insurance/financial information
Patient is required to enter their contact e-mail if present in Demographics Contact.
Patient Issues
Patient Label Type
Patient Last name
Patient Last Name
Patient Last name is missing
Patient Ledger
Patient Ledger by Date
Patient Ledger Help
Patient Level Billing Note (Collections)
Patient List
Patient List Columns
Patient List Creation
Patient List New Window
Patient List Page Size
Patient Login
Patient Lookup Errors
Patient Mail
Patient may change their logon from portal login dialog.
Patient Medical Problems
Patient Medications
Patient Menu Role
Patient Message
Patient Messages
Patient Messaging
Patient must be set manually
Patient Name
Patient name
Patient Name & Address
Patient Name and ID
Patient Name and Invoice
Patient Name Display
Patient Name Required
Patient Name/ID
Patient Note
Patient Note Types
Patient Notes
Patient Notes (write,addonly optional)
Patient Notes (write,addonly optional) (notes)
Patient Number
Patient Payment
Patient Payments
Patient Photo Category Name
PATIENT PORTAL
Patient Portal
Patient Portal (patientportal)
Patient Portal (portal)
Patient Portal connectivity issue
Patient Portal Documents
Patient Portal is turned off
Patient Portal Login
Patient Portal Secure
Patient Portal Site Address
Patient Portal Web Address
Patient previous names history. Ensure to add the date the name was last used if known.
Patient Printed Report
Patient Recalls
Patient Record Report
Patient Record Request
Patient Records Request
Patient Religion
Patient Reminder
Patient Reminder - that is used to communicate relevant information pertaining to that particular Clinical Decision Rule and is shown in the Patient Reminders widget as Well as under Administration > Patient Reminders
Patient Reminder Batch Job
Patient Reminder Creation Processing Priority
Patient Reminder Rules
Patient Reminder Sender Email
Patient Reminder Sender Name
Patient Reminders
Patient Reminders (write,addonly optional)
Patient Reminders (write,addonly optional) (reminder)
Patient Reminders - a list reminders for preventive or follow-up care according to patient preferences based on demographic data, specific conditions, and/or medication list as well as the status of the notification
Patient Report
Patient Reported Outcomes
Patient Reports
Patient Reports Help
Patient Request
Patient Requested Medical Records
Patient Resource
Patient Results
Patient Search
Patient Search Not Available
Patient search or select.
Patient Search Results Style
Patient Search/Add Screen
Patient Secure Mail
Patient Selection
Patient Setting
Patient sex missing
Patient Signature
Patient Signed
Patient Signed Date
Patient State
Patient state missing
Patient Statement Bill
Patient statements can be generated as plain text or with a modern graphical appearance.
Patient Street Address
Patient street missing
Patient Summary
Patient Surveys
Patient Template
Patient Transactions
Patient Transactions Help
Patient validation
Patient Weight Vital is required under age 19
Patient Zip
Patient Zip Code missing
Patient's number
patient(s) in the database that match the demographic information you have entered.
Patient/Client
Patient:
patient_id
PatientID
Patients
Patients (patients)
Patients Processed
Patients with debt
Patient’s health status
Paused status checks.
Pay
Pay attention to the "Done with" checkboxes.  After the insurances are marked complete then we will start asking the patient to pay the remaining balance; if you fail to mark all of the insurances complete then the remaining amount will not be collected!  Also if there is a balance that the patient should pay, then set the due date appropriately, as this will affect the language that appears on patient statements.
Pay attention to the 'Done with' checkboxes. After the insurances are marked complete then we will start asking the patient to pay the remaining balance; if you fail to mark all of the insurances complete then the remaining amount will not be collected! Also if there is a balance that the patient should pay, then set the due date appropriately, as this will affect the language that appears on patient statements.
Pay Date
Pay Date:
Pay Invoice
Pay Now
Pay Previous Balance
Pay Status
Payee Name
Payer
Payer ID
Payer Id For Eligibility
Payer ID For Encounter Claims
Payer Name
Payer Type
Paying
Paying Amount
Paying Entity
Payment
payment
Payment Adjustment Code
Payment against
Payment Amount
Payment Amount must be Numeric
Payment Category
Payment date
Payment Date
payment entered on
Payment From
Payment Gateways
Payment Information
Payment Ins
Payment List
Payment Method
Payment note
Payment Processing
Payment Sort By
Payment Status
Payment successfully sent for authorization. You will be notified when payment is posted. Until payment is accepted and you are notified, you may resubmit this payment at anytime with new amounts or different credit card. Thank you
Payment successfully sent for review and posting to your account.
Payment Tracking Id
Payment Type
Payment Validated: Save?
Payment value for code
Payment value for code 
Payment was successfully authorized and charged. Thank You.
Payment was successfully authorized and your card is charged.
Payments
Payor
Payor ID
Payor/Carrier Code
PCP
Pct (%) of rows
PD-D{{abbreviation for Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Distance}}
PD-N{{abbreviation for Binocular Pupillary Diameter - Near}}
PDF
PDF buttons will save, mark claim reviewed and download claim
PDF Document
PDF Document Parse Error and not included. Check if included in archive.
PDF Download Selected
PDF Download Selected Statements
PDF Language
Pdf With Form
Pdf Without Form
PD{{Inter-pupillary distance}}
PD{{pupillary distance}}
Pediatric BMI Percentile
Pediatric Head Circumference Percentile
Pediatric Height Weight Percentile
Pelvis and buttock
Pemphigus
Pencil
pend
Pending
Pending Action
Pending Approval
Pending Auth since
Pending Documents
Pending F/U
Pending followup
Pending Followup from Results
Pending investigation
Pending Orders
Pending Res
Pending Review
Pending Rx Count
Pending since
Penicillin Allergy
Pennington Firm OpenEMR  v
Peptic Ulcer Disease
Per Encounter
per min
Per Nostril
per nostril
Per Oris
per oris
Per Rectum
per rectum
Percent
Percentage
Percentage of Patients to Drug Test
Percentage of Patients to select for Random Drug Testing.
Percentile
Perforated Right:
Perform Search
Perform this action
Performance Percentage
performed
Performer
Performing Laboratory Facility
Performing organization
Period
Period in days where a user may login with an expired password.
Perioperative Care
Periph
Peripheral
Periph{{peripheral retina}}
Periph{{periphery}}
Permit unsalted passwords
Persian
Persian (Farsi)
Persist Login
Person
Personalize
Persons needing a recall, no appt scheduled yet
Persons needing a recall, no appt scheduled yet.
PG
Pharm
Pharm Com Count
Pharmacies
Pharmacies Imported
Pharmacy
Pharmacy Dispensary
Pharmacy Dispensary (drugs)
Pharmacy Id
Pharmacy Import / Update
Pharmacy Import not authorized
Pharmacy missing NCPDP ID or less than 7 digits
Pharmacy missing NPI  or less than 10 digits
Pharmacy not assigned to the patient
Pheumothorax
phiMail Allow CCD Send
phiMail Allow CCR Send
phiMail Message Check Interval (minutes)
phiMail notification user
phiMail Password
phiMail Server Address
phiMail Username
PHIN Questions
Phone
Phone Biz
Phone call list
Phone Call List
Phone Call List report
Phone call made by
Phone Cell
Phone Contact
Phone Gateway Password
Phone Gateway URL
Phone Gateway Username
Phone Home
Phone Notification Hour
Phone number
Phone Number
Phone number for billing inquiries
Phone Number for Vendor Support that Appears on the About Page.
Phone(W)
Photophobia
Photos
PHP compressed
PHP CURL module should be enabled in your server.
PHP Default
PHP extracted
php-GACL access controls are turned off
PHP-gacl is not installed
Physical Exam
Physician
Physician Request
Physician Signature
Physician Type
Physician\'s UPIN
Physicians
PH{{pinhole acuity}}
PH{{Pinhole Vision}}
PH{{Pinhole}}
pick
Pick
Pick a CSS theme.
Pick a general theme (need to logout/login after change this setting).
Pick a general theme (need to logout/login after changing this setting).
PID
Pid
PID (Pelvic Inflammatory Disease)
Pill Size
Pills
Pinhole Vision
Place of Employment-Worksite
Place the database zip file in the following directory if want the option to install
Place the downloaded ICD 10 database zip files into the following directory
Place the downloaded ICD 9 database zip file into the following directory
Place the downloaded RxNorm database zip file into the following directory
Place the downloaded Snomed database zip file into the following directory
Place the downloaded VALUESET database zip file into the following directory
Place your logo in sites/default/images and type the filename including gif extension here.
Placeholder
Placeholder (Maintains empty ACLs)
Placeholder (Maintains empty ACLs) (filler)
Placeholder (placeholder)
Plain Text
Plan
Plan Added Successfully
Plan Already in list_options
Plan copay if known
Plan Description
Plan Name
Plan Name Already Exists
Plan Name Already Taken
Plan Name Missing
Plan of Care
Plan of Care Type
Plan Set
Plan Status Changed
Plan Status Failed to Change
Plan Type
Plan Updated Successfully
Plan:
Planned Activity
Planned Date
Plans
Plans Configuration
Player
Playing Position
Please answer all of the questions
Please call if any of the above information is incorrect
Please call if any of the above information is incorrect.
Please call or message if any of the above information is incorrect.
Please call our office to schedule
Please change your password.
Please Choose a file
Please choose a patient
Please choose a valid selection from the list.
Please choose a valid selection.
Please choose a value for
Please choose date range criteria above, and click Refresh to view results.
Please choose the proper formatted EDI-271 file
Please Click download button to download the De Identified data
Please Click download button to download the Re Identified data
Please click on Openings to select a time.
Please close this window.
Please compare the new name
Please Confirm
Please consider sending in a donation to
Please contact your provider.
Please contact your providers office with the following account information
Please contact your systems administrator, the following component(s) are required but are missing.
Please correct the value(s) before proceeding!
Please create the following directory before proceeding
Please delete characters
Please do not accept this prescription unless it was received via facimile.
Please do not accept this prescription unless it was received via facsimile.
Please do NOT use your browsers stop or reload button while this page is running unless more than 10 minutes have elapsed, this will not cause the process to  stop on the server and will consume uneccesary resources.
PLEASE ENABLE CURL EXTENSION
PLEASE ENABLE OPENSSL EXTENSION
PLEASE ENABLE SOAP EXTENSION
PLEASE ENABLE XML EXTENSION
Please ensure that there is only one image file - jpeg, png or bmp in the Patient Photograph folder
Please enter a date for Last Reviewed.
Please enter a date.
Please enter a dollar amount using only numbers and a decimal point.
Please enter a due date
Please enter a enter valid range
Please enter a message
Please enter a monetary amount using only numbers and a decimal point.
Please enter a name for this key.
Please Enter a New Password
Please enter a payment amount
Please enter a title!
Please enter a username of 12 to 80 characters. Recommended to include symbols and numbers but not required.
Please enter a valid Direct Address above.
Please enter at least the item's name
Please enter at least the track's name
Please enter card comfirmation authorization
Please enter correct Re Identification code
Please Enter End Date greater than Begin Date!
Please enter more characters
Please Enter New Credentials
Please enter new search string
Please enter the correct Re Identification code
Please enter the password
Please fill in credit information and send for review.
Please fill out facility city properly
Please fill out facility fax properly
Please fill out facility name properly
Please fill out facility phone properly
Please fill out facility postal code properly
Please fill out facility state properly
Please fill out facility street properly
Please Fill the Check Number
Please Fill the Check or Reference Number
Please Fill the Check/Ref Number
Please Fill the Date
Please Fill the Payment Amount
Please Fill the Payment Category
Please Fill the Payment From
Please Fill the Post To Date
Please fill them in before continuing.
Please follow up.
Please give this key a name
Please ignore this email if you did not make this request
Please ignore this email if you did not make this request.
Please indicate visit reason
Please input search criteria above, and click Submit to start report.
Please input search criteria above, and click Submit to view results.
Please input search criteria above, and click Submit to view results. (Results will be displayed in a pop up window)
Please login again.
Please note that this can take a very long time, up to several minutes, your web browser may not appear very active during this time but generating a bill is a  complicated process and your web browser is merely waiting for more information.
Please note, this message was received empty and is not an error.
Please Note: constants are case sensitive and any string is allowed.
Please only use alphabetic characters
Please only use alphabetic characters with no spaces
Please pay this amount
Please place your install files in following directory
Please provide a valid e-mail address to proceed
Please provide a valid email address
Please refer to
Please reset the password.
Please resolve errors and resubmit order.
Please restart the apache server before playing with de-identification
Please return this bottom part with your payment
Please see forum and wiki
Please see forum or wiki
Please see http://www.open-emr.org/wiki/index.php/LBV_Forms for more on this topic
Please see the attached PDF.
Please Select
Please select a default provider.
Please select a format
Please select a language
Please Select a Patient.
Please select a Primary Business Entity facility with 'Tax ID' as your facility Tax ID. If you are an individual practitioner, use your tax id. This is used for identifying you in the NewCrop system.
Please select a Primary Business Entity facility with \'Tax ID\' as your facility Tax ID. If you are an individual practitioner, use your tax id. This is used for identifying you in the NewCrop system.
Please select a procedure provider
Please Select A Recipient
Please Select a Recipient for Message.
Please select a start date and end date
Please select a valid recipient
Please Select an Active Group
Please select an adjustment reason for code
Please select an adjustment reason for code 
Please select an answer
Please select an event
Please select an item that has more data
Please select any Search Option.
Please select at least one criteria to download
Please select at least one patient.
Please select at least one prescription!
Please select encounter
Please select From date
Please select image procedure
Please select message(s) to delete
Please select procedure
Please select the desired pages to copy or forward:
Please Select the Payment Method
Please select the prior release you are converting from
Please select To date
Please Select Type Of Payment.
Please select visit category
Please select X12 partner, required to create the 270 batch
Please set
Please set de_identification_config variable back to zero
Please set pharmacy in patient\'s chart!
Please Specify at least One Direct Address
Please specify Void Notes.
Please specify Void Reason.
Please start new De Identification process
Please supply a heading
Please take action to prevent being logged out!
Please try again or contact the providers office for further assistance.
Please upgrade OpenEMR Database to include De Identification procedures, function, tables
Please use valid NPI
Please view De Identification error log table for more details
Please visit De Identification screen after some time
Please visit Re Identification screen after some time
Please visit the screen after some time
Please wait
Please wait...
Plot item
Plot selected Items
Plural
plus 1 year
plus 2 years
plus 3 years
PM
PM Program
PMH
PMH Dx
PMH{{Past Medical History}}
PMSFH Panel
PMSFH{{Abbreviation for Past medical Surgical Family and Social History}}
Pmt Method
PND
Pneumococcal Conjugate 1
Pneumococcal Conjugate 2
Pneumococcal Conjugate 3
Pneumococcal Conjugate 4
Pneumococcal Vaccine
Pneumonia Vaccination
Pneumonia Vaccination Status for Older Adults
Pneumonia Vaccination Status for Older Adults (CQM)
Podiatric
Podiatry
POH{{Past Ocular History}}
Point of Service (POS)
Point to a custom user manual. Leave blank for the default, auto-generated URL for specific version of application
Policy
Policy Begin Date
Policy effective date
Policy No
Policy Number
Polish
Polydypsia
Polygon
Polyps
Polyuria
Poor Appetite
Poor Circulation
Poor Hearing
Pop Out
Pop Out Full Screen.
Pop ups need to be enabled to see these reports
Populate Fee Sheet
Populate the year view with events?
Popups
Port
Portal
Portal Account Name
Portal Activity
Portal Alerts
Portal Audits
Portal Chats
Portal Credential Information
Portal Dashboard
Portal Document Review
Portal ID
Portal ID does not match request from portal!
Portal Idle Session Timeout Seconds
Portal Mail
Portal Only
Portal password is missing
Portal Payments
Portal Requests
Portal Uses Server Base Path (internal)
Portrait
Portuguese
Portuguese (Angolan)
Portuguese (Brazilian)
Portuguese (European)
POS Code
POS Payment
POS Payments
POS Printer
Pos/Abn
Position
Position of Gaze
Positive
Positives
Possible
Post Date
Post For
Post Item
Post Nasal Drip
Post Payment
Post Payments
Post surgical
Post to accounting and mark as billed
Post To Date
Post To Date Cannot be greater than Today
Post To Date must be greater than the financial close date.
Post To Date Must be greater than the Financial Close Date.
Post-Abortion Care
Post-Abortion Contraception
Post-Abortion Counseling
Post-Abortion Followup
Postal
Postal Code
Postal code
Postal Code and Box Number
PostCalendar
PostCalendar Administration
PostCalendar Category Settings
PostCalendar Global Settings
Postcard
POSTCARD
Postcard printed by
Postcards
Posted on
Posterior Segment
Posting
Posting Date
post{{posterior}}
Pos{{Abbreviation for Position}}
POS{{Past Ocular Surgery}}
Potential Acuity
Potential Acuity Meter
Powered by
PPE + Prev Med/Surg Hx
PQRI
PQRI Registry ID
PQRI Registry Name
Practice
Practice Default Setting
Practice Settings
Practice Settings (practice)
Practitioner
Pre Participation Assessment
Pre Pay
Pre Payment
Pre-Abortion Consultation
Pre-Abortion Counseling
Pre-payment Amount
Pref Cat
Preference
Preferences
Preferences updated successfully
Preferred Event Category
Preferred Language
Preferred Pharmacy
Preferred Provider Organization (PPO)
Preg Test
Preliminary
Preparing To Run Report
Prepay
Prepayment
Prepend Blank Row
Prescription
Prescription - lists the prescriptions of the current patient
prescription has reached its limit of
Prescription History
Prescription History import successfully completed
Prescription Label
Prescription Report
Prescription successfully removed.
Prescription Transmit Review
Prescriptions
Prescriptions (write,addonly optional)
Prescriptions (write,addonly optional) (rx)
Prescriptions and Dispensations
Prescriptions and other referrals
Prescriptions and/or referrals by specialist
Prescriptions may be created from the Fee Sheet.
Prescriptions Report
Prescriptions Review Not Authorized
Prescriptions/Referrals
Present
Present an additional PDF custom receipt after checkout.
Presenting Complaint
Presenting Issue(s)
Press Continue to proceed
Press the flashing button on the USB key within 1 minute of inserting it and click on register to register the key with OpenEMR
Press this icon to build your Impression/Plan.
Presumed Diagnosis
Presumed diagnosis by specialist
Prev
Prev Med/Surg Hx
Prev. month (hold for menu)
Prev. year (hold for menu)
Prevent Web Browser Refresh
Preventative Care
Prevention Rehab
Preventive Care and Screening: Tobacco Use: Screening and Cessation Intervention (CQM)
Preview Changes
Preview Event
Preview file
Preview not available for this document type
Preview of
Previous
Previous Balance
Previous Consultations
Previous Day
Previous Encounter Drawings
Previous History/Screening
Previous Month
Previous name history already exist. Try again or Cancel.
Previous Names
Previous Week
Price
Price can be manually set or if already set can be altered here
Price changed
Price Discounting
Price Level
Price level changed
Price Level:
Pricelevel
Prices
Primary
Primary Business Entity
Primary Business Entity tax id is used as account id for NewCrop ePrescription. Changing the facility will affect the working in NewCrop.
Primary Business Entity tax id is used as the account id for NewCrop ePrescription.
Primary Care
Primary Care Provider
Primary Diagnosis
Primary Facility City
Primary Facility Country code
Primary Facility State
Primary Facility Street Address
Primary Facility Zip Code
Primary Ins
Primary Insurance
Primary Insurance Data
Primary Insurance Provider
Primary Provider
Print
Print (HTML)
Print (PDF)
Print Amendments
Print Any Encounter
Print Blank Referral Form
Print Checkout
Print Command
Print Custom Message
Print Date
Print End of Day Report 1
Print End of Day Report 2
Print End of Day Report 3
Print Entire Listing
Print Format
Print Four Panel
Print Ledger
Print locally
Print message
Print Multiple
Print Multiple To Fax
Print name, sign and date.
Print Notes
Print Page 1
Print Page 2
Print Patient Address Label
Print Patient Billing Note
Print Receipts by Provider
Print Record
Print Record (HTML)
Print Record (PDF)
Print remotely
Print Report
Print Selected
Print Selected Statements
Print Shot Record
Print the Next Appointment on the Bottom of the Ledger
Print This Encounter
Print this form
Print this note
Print This Note
Print To
Print To Fax
Print View
printable
Printable Version
Printed
Printed on
Printer
Printing Log Option
Printing results:
Printing skipped; see test output in
Printing skipped; see test output in 
Prints the CMS 1500 on the Preprinted form
Prior Auth
Prior Authorization
Prior Authorization Form
Prior Exam
Prior Eye Meds
Prior IMP/PLAN
Prior Refractions
Prior Validations Errors
Prior Visit
Prior Visits
Priority
Priority 
Prism
Prism Diopters
Prison Correctional Facility
Private
Problem
Problem DX
Problem List
Problem loading.
Problems
Problems & Diagnoses
Problems or Code
Problems/Issues
Proc Bat
Proc Cat
Proc Load
Proc Pending Rev
Proc Prov
Proc Res
Procedure
Procedure Body Sites
Procedure Body Sites - Arm, Buttock and Other - used for immunization - modify as needed
Procedure Boolean Results
Procedure Boolean Results - No and Yes
Procedure Code
Procedure Codes
Procedure Lateralities
Procedure Lateralities - Left, Right and Bilateral
Procedure Name
Procedure Note - 2010
Procedure Order
Procedure order
Procedure Order Details
Procedure Order for
Procedure order not found
procedure order not found in database contact tech support
Procedure Orders and Reports
Procedure Picker
Procedure provider
Procedure Provider
Procedure Provider Help
Procedure Providers
Procedure Report
Procedure Report Abnormal
Procedure Report Abnormal - No, Yes, High, Low Above upper panic limit and Below lower panic limit
Procedure Report Statuses
Procedure Report Statuses - Final, Reviewed, Preliminary, Canceled, Error and Corrected
Procedure Result Abnormal
Procedure Result Statuses
Procedure Result Statuses - Final, Preliminary, Canceled, Error, Corrected and Incomplete
Procedure Results
Procedure Routes
Procedure Routes - Injection, Oral and Other
Procedure Specimen Types
Procedure Specimen Types - Blood, Saliva, Urine and Other
Procedure Statistics Report
Procedure Test
Procedure Tier
Procedure Type
Procedure Types
Procedure Types - Group, Procedure Order, Discrete Result, Recommendation, Custom Favorite Group and Custom Favorite Item. Used in the next step - Configure the lab test structure
Procedure Units
Procedure Units - various units needed to define result values - may need to add to this list depending on the tests that are included, will vary according to need
Procedure/Service
Procedures
Proceed
Proceeding to Preferences
Process
Process and Send Reminders
Process ERA File
Process New Files
Process new files for CSV records
Process Reminders
Process Results For
Process takes some time
Process UDI
Processed
Processed By
Processed Date
processed successfully
Processing
Processing and Sending Patient Reminders
Processing Details
Processing format
Processing Lab Name/Internal Lab Id/Results File Name
Processing Patient Reminders
Processing Time
Processing...
Product
Product added
Product Contraceptive Method
Product deleted
Product name is required
Product-level reorder point has been reached
Production
Products
Products but no prescription drugs and no templates
Products Provided
Prof.
Profile
Profile Demographics
Profile Edits Red = Charted Values Blue = Patient Edits
Profile Templates Successfully set to Active in portal.
Profiles
Profiles in Portal
Profiles successfully saved.
Profiles that have patient groups assigned to them are handled differently than those that do not. The latter is sent from the Scope toolbar to selected Location where the former shows an Update button to make the group profiles active for portal.
Prog.{{Progressive lenses}}
Progress
Progress Note - 2010
Progress Notes
Progressive
Properties
Proprietary hardware tokens
Proprietary hardware tokens are tamper proof and are not connected to the internet or any network
Prostate Cancer
Prostate Cancer Screening
Prostate Exam
Prostate Problems
Prostate w/o enlrgmt, nodules, tender
Protection Indicator
Protection Indicator Effective Date
Protocol
Protocol - consists of two parts - the method used to send orders and receive results and whether it is used to receive results only or is used to send orders and receive result i.e. bidirectional
Provide absolute path
Provide absolute path of file
Provide absolute path of following file in Path to CA Certificate File
Provide absolute path of following file in Path to CA Key File
Provide clinical summaries for patients for each office visit (New).
Provide clinical summaries for patients for each office visit.
Provide Password for
Provide patients with an electronic copy of their health information (including diagnostic test results, problem list, medication lists, medication allergies), upon request.
Provide patients with timely electronic access to their health information (including lab results, problem list, medication lists, medication allergies) within four business days of the information being available to the EP.
Provide Records to Patient for Visit
Provide TOTP code
Provide valid Email Address
Provided Clinical Summary?
Provided Education Resource(s)?
Provider
provider
Provider Access
Provider Dashboard
Provider email address is missing. Go to address book to add providers email address
Provider Id
Provider ID
Provider ID at Specified Facility
Provider Matching Errors
Provider Missing Add one in Choices
Provider Missing NPI or Provider not selected in choices
provider name
Provider not available, please choose another.
Provider not available, use it anyway?
Provider Number
Provider Number (Type)
Provider Password is missing
Provider Qualifier Code
Provider Relationship
Provider Type
Provider/Warehouse
Provider:
Providers
Providers NPI
Providers See Entire Calendar
PRO{{Patient Reported Outcomes}}
Prv
PSA
PSC Hold Order
Psoriasis
Psych
Psych Diagnosis
Psych Medication
Psychiatric
Psychiatric Brief Letter
Psychiatric Diagnosis
Psychiatric Examination
Psychiatric Facility-Partial Hospitalization
Psychiatric History
Psychiatric Intake
Psychiatric Medication
Psychiatric Residential Treatment Center
Psych{{psychiatric}}
PSYCH{{Psychiatry}}
Pt %
Pt Debt
Pt Notes
Pt Notes/Auth
Pt overpaid
Pt paid
Pt Paid
Pt Rec Request
Pt refund
Pt released
Pt Report
PT Student, or leave blank
PT_CITY
PT_DOB
PT_EMAIL
PT_FNAME
PT_LNAME
PT_MNAME
PT_PHONE_CELL
PT_PHONE_HOME
PT_POSTAL
PT_SSN
PT_STATE
PT_STREET
Pubid
Public
Public Agency
Public Health Clinic
Public health physician
Public Health Service (PHS) or Other Federal Agency
Public Patient Id
Publicity Code
Publicity Code Effective Date
Publish
Publish Patient to FHIR Server
Pubpid
Puerto Rican
puff
Pulmonary
PULM{{Pulmonary}}
Pulse
Punjabi
Pupils
Purchase
Purchase or Transfer
Purchase/Receipt
Purchase/Return
Purchases
px
Pyschiatry
P{{Justify Header}}
Pāli
q.3h
q.4h
q.5h
q.6h
q.8h
q.d.
q.i.d.
QHD
QOE
QOH
QOH is less than monthly usage
Qrda Lab
QTY
Qty
Quality
Quality Measures (CQM)
Quantity
Quantity cannot be negative for this transaction type
Quantity changed
Quantity for NDC
Quantity On Hand
quantity seems unusable
Quantity:
Quechua
Query Error
querystring hash was invalid
Quest Cert Debug
Quest Cert Testing
Question Mark
Queue for HCFA batch processing
Queue for HCFA batch processing and printing
Queue for UB-92 batch processing
Queue for UB-92 batch processing and printing
Queued
Queued Events Administration
Queued for
Queued for Transfer
Queued Submissions Administration
Quick Picks
Quit
Quit Alcohol
QWXGA
R
R/LG{{right/left gonioscopy}}
R/LPACH{{right/left pachymetry}}
R/LSCH1{{right/left Schirmers I (w/o anesthesia)}}
R/LSCH2{{right/left Schirmers II (w/ anesthesia)}}
R/LTBUT{{right/left Tear Break Up Time}}
RA for Patient, Encounter, or Trace
Race
Race and Ethnicity
Race/Ethnicity
RAC{{right anterior chamber}}
Radio
Radio buttons
Radio Group Master
Radio Group Member
RAD{{right adnexa}}
Random Drug Screen
Range
Rapid Workflow Option
Rashes
Rate
Rather than granting access to each ACO individually for each user the program grants access to groups that request these privileges. These groups are called Access Request Objects (ARO).
Ratio
Raw Report
RB{{right brow}}
RCMT{{right Central Macular Thickness}}
RCOM{{right comments}}
RCUP{{right cup}}
RC{{right conjunctiva}}
RD{{retinal detachment}}
RD{{right disc}}
Re Identification
Re Identification Process is completed
Re Identification Process is ongoing
Re-identification files will be saved in
Re-Injury?
Re-Open
Re-Open Visit
Re-opened
Re-opening this visit will cause a void. Payment information will need to be re-entered. Do you want to proceed?
Re-Process UDI
Reaction
Reaction - hives, nausea, shortness of breath or unassigned
Reactions
Reactivate
react{{reactivity}}
Read
Read Only
Read the help file there to understand the initial pre-configuration steps
Read these two wiki articles for customizing the Fee Sheet
Read this wiki page for more details
Read through this help file and its supporting documents before you start to configure the orders and results
Read-only from History
Real Name
Really delete
Really destroy this lot?
Reason
Reason Deceased
Reason for Death
Reason for Referral
Reason for referral
Reason for visit
Reason for Visit
Reason must be at least 10 characters!
Reason not given
Reason/Form
Reason/Plan
Recalculate
Recall
Recall Board
RECALL BOARD - Default - without MedEx Communication Service
Recall Board: Disable
Recall Campaigns
Recall only - any method
Recall only - no calls
Recall Reason
Recall Schedule
Recall to provider
Recall When
Recalls
Receipt
Receipt for Payment
Receipt Generated
Receipts by Payment Method Report
Receipts Summary
Received
Received By
Received Faxes
Received messages are processed and a new Patient Note is delivered to a specified user and appears in that user's Message Center
Received, not reviewed
Received, unreviewed
Receiver
Receiver ID
Receiver ID (ISA08)
Receiver ID Qualifier (ISA07)
Receiver IDs
Receiver IDs - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility
RECEIVING A MESSAGE
Receiving Fac.
Recent three passwords are not allowed.
Recently Completed
Recipient
Recipient List Is Empty
Recipient Name
Recipient of the Disclosure
Recipient required unless status is Done
Recommend contacting the clinic if need guidance.
Recommend not leaving or refreshing or you may lose data.
Recommend setting the Path for Event Log Backup in Globals settings in the Miscellaneous section to something other than your tmp/temp directory.
Recommendation
Recommendation - Optional
Recommendation For Follow Up
Recommendations
Recommendations and treatment
Recommendations by specialist
Recommended setting is warn and prevent web browser refresh. Only use other settings if needed and use at own risk.
Recompute Score
RECORD
Record
Record already exist
Record and chart changes in vital signs ( Height / Weight / BP with in scope ).
Record and chart changes in vital signs (BP out of scope).
Record and chart changes in vital signs (Height / Weight out of scope).
Record and chart changes in vital signs (New).
Record and chart changes in vital signs (SET 1).
Record and chart changes in vital signs.
Record demographics.
Record Disclosure
Record of Fitness
Record Payment
Record Request
Record Request Date
Record smoking status for patients 13 years old or older.
Records
records found
records found.
records per page
Recreational drug use
Recreational Drugs
Rectal
Rectal Exam
rectally
Rectangle
Recurrence
Recurrent Appointment Display Widget
Recurrent Appointments
Recurrent Appointments - shows all recurring appointments
Recurring
Recurring appointment
Red Desaturation
Red Desat{{red desaturation}}
Red lines  indicate errors, or changes that were not applied; these must be processed manually. Currently denied claims and payment reversals are not handled automatically and so will appear in red.
Red Triangle indicates a required code that is missing
Redirect URI
Redirection
Redness
Redo
reduced:
Ref No
Ref Prov
Refer
Refer By
Refer Date
Refer To
Refer to Message
Reference
Reference classification (risk level)
Reference range of results
Reference Reason
Reference table and reference id must both be set
Reference this Account Id: 
Reference this Account Number
Referential CDS
Referential CDS (codetype:code)
Referer
Referer name and signature
Referral
Referral By
Referral Card
Referral Date
Referral Form
REFERRAL FORM
Referral ID
Referral Provider
Referral Reason
Referral Source
Referral Source for Encounters
Referral To
Referrals
Referrals Report
Referred by
Referred By
Referred By, Outcome and Destination can be left blank
Referred To
Referred to
Referrer
Referrer Address
Referrer Diagnosis
Referrer diagnosis
Referrerid
Referring physician and practice
Referring provider
Referring Provider
ReFill
Refill
Refill Rx
Refills
refills
Reflexes normal
Refraction Comments
Refraction Method
Refractive States
Refresh
Refresh Screen
Refresh the Message Center or just reopen it
Refresh Tokens
Refreshing Reminders
Refund
Refused
Refused To State
reg_re
regarding
regarding appointment dated
Register
register
Register Time Based One Time Password Key
Register TOTP Key for
Register U2F Key for
Register Universal 2nd Factor Key
Register your installation with OEMR to receive important notifications, such as security fixes and new release announcements.
Registered
registered
Registered email
Registered id
Registered Modules
Registered username
Registration Date
Registration error
Registration failed with error
Registration Form
Rehabilitation
Rehabilitation physician
Rejected
Relapse Potential
Relate To
Related
Related Issue
Related Patient Notes
Relates To
Relation(s) / Children
Relations
Relationship
Relative ordering of this entity
Relatives
Relatives - lists the patient relatives having various medical conditions like Cancer, Diabetes, Hypertension etc
Relatives Blood Pressure
Relatives Cancer
Relatives Diabetes
Relatives Epilepsy
Relatives Heart
Relatives Mental Illness
Relatives Stroke
Relatives Suicide
Relatives Tuberculosis
Relay Health credentials are missing from this user account.
Relay Health ID
Release
Release Date
Relevant for insurance claim submission in the United States
Religion
Religious Affiliation
Religious exemption
Reload
reload names below
Relogin
Remdr
Remember grouping of tests is only for conveniently organizing the data in the Procedure Order module in openEMR, for this process to work, configuring the Procedure Orders (the tests themselves) and the Discrete Result (the place to enter and display the returned result) are critically important
Remember Me
Remember Selected Facility
Remember the dictum that Identifying codes have to be unique, you should not set up a custom grouping of a panel of tests as well have the panels setup as individual recognized panel, i.e. have CBC and Renal panel grouped as a Custom Favorite and list CBC and Renal Panel separately as individually ordered panels
Remember these Discrete Results or fruit (Tier 4)  will have to hang off the fruit bearing branch or Procedure Order namely Electrolyte Panel (Tier 3)
Reminder
Reminder Campaigns
Reminder done
Reminder intervals
Reminder Not Sent Yet
Reminder only - any method
Reminder only - no calls
Reminder Sent
Reminder Sent On
Reminder to provider
Reminder/recall - any method
Reminder/recall - no calls
Reminder/recall - to provider
Reminders
REMIT TO
Remote Host
Remote Host - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility or just receiving results from it
Remove
Remove all rules from plan
Remove Bottom Pane
REMOVE GROUP
Remove Group
Remove Group Form
Remove multi-factor authentications for this person.
Remove Tab
Remove this Prescription from the list of RXs dispensed
Removes support for immunizations
Removes support for phpMyAdmin
Removes support for prescriptions
Removes the bottom pane by default on start up.
Removes the Chart Tracker feature
Renal Stones
Rename
Rename Group
Rendering
Rendering Provider
Rendering Provider Number
Rendering Provider Number (Type)
Reorder
Reorder At
Reorder point has been reached
Reorder point has been reached for warehouse
Reorder point, 0 if not applicable
Reorder Qty
Rep
Repeat
Repeat New Password
Repeat password
Repeating event
Repeating Info:
Repeats
REPLACE
Replace
Replace all exam findings with Default values?  Are you sure?
Replace entire code set
Replace the existing group and option values with these ones taking care to match the E/M codes
Replace the hostname and port with the values provided to you by EMR Direct
replaced
Replies
Replies from patients are displayed directly in your EHR
Replies retrieved
Reply
Reply Date
Reply From
Reply to this message
Report
report
Report - Clinical
Report - Generates and downloads the patient's Continuity of Care Record (CCR), Continuity of Care Document (CCD) and Patient Report
Report - Patient List Creation
Report by
Report Content
Report Date
Report End (Relinquished Care Date)
Report has been sent to the patient.
Report History/Results
Report of visit
Report Results
Report Results/History
Report Start (Assumed Care Date)
Report Status
Report Totals
Report was faxed to
Report was faxed. Click to view.
Report/ Form
Report?
Reportable
Reported
Reported Date
Reporting
Reports
Reports consisting of various portions of the patient's medical record can be created here
Repository always.
Request & Response
Request Content Fails Integrity Test
Request Description
Request Eligibility
Request ID is missing!
Request ignored - claims processing is already running!
Request is not same origin!
Request Message
Request New Appointment
Request Only
Request Status
Request Type
Request type not implemented
request was received from portal patient
Requested By
Requested Date
Requested Service
Requested template does not exist
Requests Sent
Require Audit
Require Strong Passwords
Require Unique Passwords
Required
required
Required Co Pay
Required Field Missing: Please choose the EDI-271 file to upload
Required field missing: Please enter the First name
Required field missing: Please enter the Last name
Required field missing: Please enter the User Name
Required fields
Required in
Required Primary Diagnosis for Order. This will be automatically added to any missing test order diagnosis.
Requirements
Requisition Number
Resending this report.
RESERVED
Reserved
Reserved for use to define Scheduled Vacation Time
Reserved to define when a provider may not have available appointments after.
Reserved to define when an event did not occur as specified.
Reserved todefine when a provider may haveavailable appointments after.
Reset
Reset button resets the edited claim to the fee sheet version. If subsequently saved, it will replace last claim version and be considered reviewed. Otherwise, claim is reset to fee sheet version.
Reset claim form to Fee Sheet Version
Reset Credentials
Reset Offsite Portal Credentials
Reset Online Portal Credentials
Reset Onsite Portal Credentials
Reset to no patient
Reset Version
Resident physician
Residential Substance Abuse Treatment Facility
Resist the temptation to start entering data in an unorganized manner
Resn
Resolve Orphan Results
Resolve Orphans
Resolved
Resource (select one)
Resources
Respiration
Respirator effort unlabored
Respiratory
Response
Response Only
Responsible Party
Responsive Vertical Menu Style for Tabs
Restore
Restore Archive
Restrict non-authorized users to the Schedule Facilities set in User admin.
Restrict Providers by Facility
Restrict Users to Facilities
Restricted Projects Reporting
Restricted Training
Result
Result Name
Result Status
Result status or abnormality is missing
Result, use % as a wildcard
Results
Results and
Results Found For Search
Results Group
Results Only
Results Path
Results Path - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility or just receiving results from it
Results Per Lab
Results per page
Results/Details
Resuming status checks.
Retina
Retina Default Values
Retinal Exam
Retracted Right:
Return
Return above part with your payment
Return button simply returns, then refreshes billing manager
Return Home
Return to calendar
Return To Report Results
Return to this page and you will be able to complete the ICD10 installation process by clicking on the ICD10 section header
Return to this page and you will be able to complete the ICD9 installation process by clicking on the ICD9 section header
Return to this page and you will be able to complete the RxNorm installation process by clicking on the RXNORM section header
Return to this page and you will be able to complete the Snomed installation process by clicking on the SNOMED section header
Return to this page and you will be able to complete the Valueset installation process by clicking on the VALUESET section header
Return Value
Return Visit
Returned to Play
Returned: 
Reuse of previous passwords not allowed!
Reuse of three previous passwords not allowed!
Rev.
Revenue
Revenue Code
Revenue Code for this item. Type for hints/search
Revenue Code for this item. Type to search
Revenue Code for this item. Type to search or double click for list
Revert
Revert Edits
Revert Error
Review
Review & Approve
Review all the parameters that are entered and only then move to the next step. This is because once you create a group (ARO) you will NOT be able of modify any of the data that you have entered in THIS section. You can only delete the entire group (ARO) and start afresh.
Review and Approve
Review Audits
Review of PMH:
Review of System
Review of Systems
Review Of Systems
Review of Systems Checks
Review Status
Review UB04
Reviewed
Reviewed Date
Revise
Revision
Revoke Token
Revoke User
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Rheumotoid Arthritis
RH{{right hertel measurement}}
Right
Right Arm
Right Deltoid
Right Ear
right ear
Right Gluteus Medius
Right Lens
Right Lower Forearm
Right Margin (mm)
Right Thigh
Right Vastus Lateralis
Right-Form Layout
Right:
Ringing in Ears
Ringing In Ears
Risk Category Assessment
Risk Factors
Risk Level
Risky Beh.
RI{{right iris}}
RK{{right cornea}}
RLL:
RLL{{right lower eyelid}}
RL{{right lens}}
RMAC{{right macula}}
RMC{{right medial canthus}}
Role
ROM
Romanian
Romansh
Room 1
Room 2
Room 3
Room Number
Roommate
Roster
ROS{{Review of Systems}}
Round and Reactive
Route
Route of administration, if applicable
Routed
Rows
RP{{right peripheral retina}}
RRR without MOR
Rub:
Rubs:
Rule
Rule Add
Rule Bibliographic Citation
Rule Detail
Rule Developer
Rule Edit
Rule Funding Source
Rule Release
Rule Set
Rule Set and Plan Set selections are not consistent. Please fix and Submit again.
Rule Title
Rules
rules already in plan
Rules Configuration
RUL{{right upper eyelid}}
Run Setup again or contact support for assistance
Running Command: 
Rupture
Rural Health Clinic
Russian
RVIT{{right vitreous}}
RV{{right vessels}}
Rx
RX
Rx Bottom Margin (px)
RX Date
Rx Details
Rx Dispensed History
Rx Enable DEA #
Rx Enable NPI
Rx Enable State Lic. #
Rx History
Rx html print - zend module
Rx ID
Rx Left Margin (px)
Rx Log
Rx NLM Drug-Drug
Rx Paper Size
Rx pdf - zend template
RX Print Date
Rx Right Margin (px)
Rx Show DEA #
Rx Show NPI
Rx Show State Lic. #
Rx Top Margin (px)
Rx Type
Rx Type{{Type of glasses prescription}}
Rx/Distance
RXCUI Code
RXCUI Medication
RxNorm
RxNorm Database
R{{History of Refraction}}
R{{right side}}
R{{right}}
S
S.S.
S3:
S4:
SA  *  * To read the license please read the docs/license.txt or visit  * http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html  *  */  //========================================================================= // 
Safe key database
Sale
Sales
Sales by Item
Sales by Product Report
Saliva
Same Day
Samoan
Sample
Sanction Type
Sango
Sanskrit (Samskrta)
Sanskrit (Saṁskṛta)
Sardinian
Sat
Sat &amp; Sun
Saturday
Save
SAVE
Save & Exit
Save Activity
Save and Checkout
Save and Close
Save and Close Visit
Save and Continue
Save and Delete Request
Save and Dispense
Save and Print
Save and Transmit
Save as New
Save as new message
Save as new note
Save button saves claim and marks reviewed
Save Category
Save Certificate Settings
Save Changes
Save Claim
Save claim for batch processing
Save codes history
Save Completed
Save Current
Save for printing to a pre printed sheet
Save for printing with form
Save Form
Save Immunization
Save Level
Save New Field
Save New Group
Save New List
Save new template
Save omission selections
Save Patient Demographics
Save Payer
Save Profiles
Save rejected because someone else has changed this list. Please try again.
Save Report as PDF
Save Successful
Save Successful for chart ID
Save to Chart
Save Transaction
Saved Successfully
Saved to Documents->Onsite Portal->Reviewed - Open there to move or rename.
Saved to Patient Documents
Saving denied
Sa{{Saturday}}
sc Distance{{without correction distance}}
sc Near{{without correction near}}
Scan the following QR code with your preferred authenticator app to register a new TOTP key.
Scanned
Scanned Encounter Note
Scanner Directory
Scanner In
scDist{{ACT without Correction Distance}}
scDist{{without correction distance}}
Schedule
Schedule A New Appointment
Schedule Facilities:
Schedule New Appointment
Scheduled
Scheduling
Schirmer I
Schirmer II
Schirmers I
Schirmers I (w/o anesthesia)
Schirmers II
Schirmers II (w/ anesthesia)
School
SCHOOL NOTE
School Record
Sclera
scNear{{ACT without Correction Near}}
scNear{{without correction near}}
Scoliosis
Scope
Scopes
Scopes Requested
Score
Scottish Gaelic- Gaelic
Screen
Screening / Testing
script error
Script Error: See Browser Console for Detail
SC{{Acuity without correction}}
sc{{without correction}}
SC{{without correction}}
SE
SE Address
SE Address Line 2
SE City
SE Country
SE Locality
SE Postal Code
SE State
SE Zip Code
Search
SEARCH
search
search again
Search all columns
Search and select a patient and click OK
Search Appointment
Search by
Search by any demographics
Search by:
Search criteria.
Search Diagnoses
Search for
Search for Additional Codes
Search for patient by entering whole or part of any demographics field information
Search for the drug by typing its name in the Search for Allergy text-box
Search for:
Search from external RxNorm table. Vocabulary RXNORM
Search from native inventory drugs table
Search from native loaded RxCUI table.
Search global settings
Search In
Search in
Search Not Available
Search or Add Patient
Search Patient By Any Demographics
Search Patient By Any Demographics, Dual additionally lets direct access to Patient Finder, Comprehensive has collapsed input box, Fixed is similar to Dual with fixed size, None is do not show
Search Payment
Search Payments
Search Products
Search Results
Search Results:
Search Selected
Search Services
Search string does not match with list in database
Search string should have at least three characters
search term was not found, please try another search
Search Text
Search the Events
Search user settings
Search Web API
Search with exact method
Search/Add
Search/Add Insurer
Searching
Searching for appointments
Searching...
Seatbelt
Seatbelt use
Seatbelt Use
Second
second
Second account message
Second is the All Patients. This View shows all current templates that are default to all patients. 
Secondary
Secondary billing
Secondary Insurance
Secondary Insurance Data
Secondary Insurance Provider
Secondary Medicare Type
seconds
Section ID
Section ID and Name Cannot be Empty
Section Name
Section saved successfully
Secure Chat
Secure Electronic Messaging
Secure File Transfer Protocol, or SFTP is a network protocol that provides file access, file transfer, and file management over a secure connection
Secure Mail
Secure Messaging
Secure Password Required
Secure Patient Chat
Secure Upload Files with White List
Security
See All
See All Messages
See Authorizations
See couchdb error log
See Customize the Fee Sheet
See Growth-Chart
See messages from the last set of generated claims
See observation results
See Setup the Fee Sheet
See the Clinical Reminders widget for more details
Seen since
Seen within
Segment name
Segments Batch Claim
Seizures
Sel
select
Select
Select 'Price Levels' and enter Credit Card and Cash
Select a Component
Select a Context
Select a CSV file with translation information to review.
Select a date range and click Submit
Select a lab from the Order From drop-down box
Select a patient by clicking on the patient input box
Select a percentage of the rows or or select dates
Select a surgery if it is listed in the drop-down box or enter a new surgery name under Title
Select a text or html template and upload for selected patient or all portal patients.
Select a Time Span
Select a User
Select a validation rule
Select Action
Select All
Select all
Select Amendment Date
Select amendments to print
Select an appropriate ICD/CPT code. This helps search for education material to give to the patient for that particular problem
Select an end date. Entries after this date will not be downloaded or deleted.
Select as appropriate and fill in the text box and click Save
Select below to Zip Directory of image slices.
Select Bidirectional or Results Only as appropriate, again only used for electronic orders
Select Blood in the Specimen Type drop-down box
Select CAMOS Entries for Printing
Select Case
Select category
Select Code
Select Codes
Select Communication Preferences
Select corresponding checkboxes to delete
Select Credit Card Payment Gateway
Select Criteria to Remove
Select CSV table
Select Custom Favorite Group from the Procedure Tier drop-down box
Select Custom Favorite Item in the Procedure Tier drop-down box
Select Data Required for De Identification
Select data to be included in De Identified data
Select date
Select Default Codes
Select desired squad
Select Diagnosis
Select Diagnosis Codes
Select Diagnosis for De Identification request
Select Discrete Result from the Procedure Tier
Select Discrete Result from the Procedure Tier drop-down box
Select Discrete Result under Procedure Tier in the Enter Details pop-up
Select Documents
Select Drug
Select Drugs
Select Drugs for De Identification request
Select EDI-271 file
Select Encounter
Select field
Select Field
Select Fields
Select for printing
Select from the displayed list
Select Group
Select Group in the drop-down box labeled Procedure Tier
Select Group under Procedure Tier, think of it as creating a large branch off the main tree trunk, and call it Organ/Disease Panel
Select Image Procedure
Select Immunizations
Select Immunizations for De Identification request
Select Insurance Company
Select Insurance, by typing
Select Issue
Select items
Select Lab Service in the Type drop-down box and enter a name under organization
Select Language
Select list
Select List
Select Location
Select Method
Select MG/DL as Default Units
Select Month
Select Note Category
Select Note Type
Select One
Select one or more diagnosis codes to justify the service
Select one or more files to upload
Select only one code per problem
Select Options for Current Encounter
Select Options for Current Order Id
Select Options for Current Procedure Order Id 
Select output
Select patient
Select Pharmacy
Select Plan
SELECT PLAN
Select Primary Physician
Select Procedure
Select Procedure Code
Select Procedure Order from Procedure Tier pop-up box
Select Procedure Order in Procedure Tier
Select Providers
Select Referral from the Transaction type drop-down box
Select Requested By
Select Role
Select SMS Gateway
Select source
Select State and City to Import for Pharmacy
Select Supervisor
Select Template
Select Template Context
Select the appropriate choice - Debugging or Production
Select the appropriate radio button. Enter the search term in the search box and click 'Search'
Select the configuration items to export
Select the default font
Select the default font (need to logout/login after changing this setting).
Select the default font size
Select the default font size (need to logout/login after changing this setting).
Select the diagnoses to include in the Impression/Plan.
Select the group (ARO) that you wish to remove.
Select the issue primarily responsible for any missed events on this day
Select the Lab From lab name
Select the message type to more accurately reflect the type of message you are sending. You may choose to leave it as unassigned
Select the name of the entity from the Name drop-down box
Select the type of Occurrence of the problem from the drop-down box, the choices are Unknown or N/A, First, Early Recurrence, Late Recurrence, Delayed Recurrence, Chronic/Recurrent and Acute on Chronic
Select to print patient address labels from popups in left nav screen.
Select to transmit
Select Track
Select Transaction Type
Select Type
Select User
SELECT Users FROM The Dropdown LIST
Select Users From The Dropdown List
Select which languages, if any, may be chosen at login. (only pertinent if above All Languages Allowed is turned off)
Select Year
Select Yes to confirm group deletion
Select your current facility in the login page
Select/Add Authentication Method for the logged in user
Select/Add New Authentication Method for
Select1
Select2
Selected
Selected Encounter
Selected Fee Sheet Codes and Charges for Current Encounter
Selected Files
Selected files and data will be removed from folders and tables
Selecting the width for responsive vertical style menus in tab based layout (need to logout/login after changing this setting)
Selecting this will create a message that needs to be processed by each recipient individually (this is not a group task).
Seleted Message id
Self
Self Pay
SEND
Send
Send A Dated Reminder
Send a Reminder
Send a report to this provider
Send an email to 
Send CCD
Send CCR
Send Complete - Prescription(s) Return Status
Send Emails
Send for Review
Send in progress
Send It
Send Message
Send message
Send message from the permanent group therapist to the personal therapist
Send message from the permanent group therapist to the personal therapist (gm)
Send NewRx
Send Notes
Send Payment
Send Reminders Batch
Send reminders to patients per patient preference for preventive/follow up care.
Send Request
Send Selected to Archive
Send Selected to Trash
Send Summaries with Referrals
Send this file
Send This Message
Send to
Send To
SEND TO
Send to all
Send to Archive
Send To HIE failed
Send to portal
Send to Portal
Send to Trash
Sender
Sender ID
Sender ID (ISA06)
Sender ID Qualifier (ISA05)
Sender IDs
Sender IDs - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility
sender name
SENDING A MESSAGE
Sending application name will be provided by the facility that you will be connecting to
Sending Claims via STFP. Check status on the `Claim File Tracker`
Sending facility name is user defined
Sending From
Sending Invoice to Patient Portal Completed
Sending Templates or Profiles
Sending To
Sensitivities
Sensitivities (sensitivities)
Sensitivity
Sensitivity - lets you limit the information in this encounter to those with appropriate privileges
Sensitivity:
Sensory exam normal
Sent
Sent - Confirmed
Sent By, Leave Blank For All
Sent by:
Sent Date
Sent Items
Sent Medical Records?
Sent successfully
Sent Summary of Care Electronically?
Sent Summary of Care?
sent to printer.
Sent To, Leave Blank For All
Sent to:
Sent, but delivery not yet confirmed.
Sent, not received
Sent{{Mails}}
Sep
Separated
September
Seq
Sequence
Serbian
Serial Number
Serv Rep
Server error: try again later
Server Login
Server may be offline
Server message:
Server says thanks. Images state saved.
Server Status
Service
Service added
Service and Client Volume Report
Service Category
Service Code
Service Code Finance Reporting
Service Codes
Service Date
Service Date From
Service Date To
Service Date:
Service deleted
Service Facility
Service is not compatible with the sex of this client.
Service Location
Service Name
Service provided by specialist
Service provider changed
Service Reporting
Service Reporting Only
Services
Services by Category
Services Provided
Services provided
Services/Products
Session Type
Set
Set a facility cookie to remember the selected facility between logins.
Set As Completed
SET AS COMPLETED
Set aside some uninterrupted time for the data entry
Set Gateway to Production Mode
Set POS code in encounter
Set Price Level
Set processing priority for CDR engine based reports.
Set processing priority for creation of Patient Reminders (in full clinic mode).
Set the priority level
Set this to the full absolute path. For creating client SSL certificates for HTTPS.
Set To
Set to Default
Set to the number of prior passwords that are not allowed to use when changing a password.
set value to
Set which radio button is selected by default in 'Search for Additional Codes' section
Sets the font of the address text on the envelope in mm
Setting
Setting the version number in the database...
Setting up 2FA
Settings
Setup MedEx
Setup the Fee Sheet
Several additional drop-down and text boxes will be visible
Several days
Severe
Severe anxiety disorder
Severe Migraine
Severity
Severity information will be missing if interaction is found
Severity of Pain
Severity of Pain:
Sex
Sexually Transmitted Disease
SFTP
SFTP Host
SFTP Local Directory
SFTP Login Credentials
SFTP Pass Credentials
SFTP Port
SFTP Remote Directory
SFTP will send the order as a HL7v2.3 message to the receiving lab using the SFTP protocol
Sha-1 Hash
Sharing
Shell command for printing from the server.
Shift
Shifts Reporting
Shona
Short Description
Shorthand
Shorthand Help
Shortness of Breath
Shortness Of Breath
Shortness Of Breath 2
Shot Record
Shot Record as of:
Should be Enabled
should be like nnnnn-nnnn-nn
Should be two letters
should contain 10 digits
should contain only 10 digits
Shoulder
Shoulder + clavicle
Shoulder Problems
Show
Show Active
Show Additional Insurance Information
Show Aging on Custom Statement
Show All
Show all payment history in Patient Ledger
Show all procedures
Show All Results
Show All Transactions
Show as Busy
Show Authorized Only
Show Available Times
Show both US and metric (main unit is metric)
Show both US and metric (main unit is US)
Show button for download fax template
Show button in the prescription list for download fax template
Show Current Signature On File
Show Details
Show Diagnoses Section
Show empty lots
Show Errors Only?
Show Extra Logo on Login
Show Graph
Show Help Modal
Show hovering event text on mouseover?
Show how many events on admin pages?
Show inactive
Show Inactive
Show Insurance Address Information in the Insurance Panel of Demographics.
Show IOP by Date
Show IOP by Time
Show labels on the login form
Show Menu
Show metric only
Show Mini Logo 1
Show Mini Logo 2
Show Notes
Show only latest values reported for each result code
Show only procedures not omitted
Show Password
Show Patient Encounter Number in Patient Flow Board
Show Patient ID in Patient Flow Board
Show Patient Notes
Show pounds and ounces
Show pounds as decimal value
Show Primary Complete
Show Products Section
Show Receipt
Show records
Show Referrals Section
Show Reminders
Show Report
Show search/submit links in block?
Show Selected for Drug Screens
Show Services Section
Show Status of Drug Screens
Show Tagline on Login Page
Show the custom state form for the add list widget (will ask for title and abbreviation).
Show the Impression/Plan Builder panel
Show the last three Refractions
Show the tagline from the login screen
Show this category on the patient summary screen even if no issues have been entered for this category.
Show Title on Login
Show track history
Show Unbilled Only
Show US only
Show Username and Password Labels on Login Page
Show Visit Reason in Patient Flow Board
show/hide executed query log
Show/Hide the Selection Area
Showing
Showing 0 to 0 of 0 entries
Showing items
Showing page
Showing result
Shows the hierarchal level of this line
Shutting Down Service ...
Sibling
Sibling History
Sibling in-law
Siblings
Sickle Cell
Sig
Sigmoid/Colonoscopy
Sign
Sign In
Sign Lab Results (write,addonly optional)
Sign Lab Results (write,addonly optional) (sign)
Sign Results
Sign-up
Sign-up successful for
Signature
Signature on File
Signature On File
Signature:
Signed
Signed Date
Signed Rx
Significant Other
Significant Swelling:
Simplified
Simplified Co-Pay
Simplified Demographics
Simplified Prescriptions
Simplified; Contraceptive Start Date on Tally Sheet
SINADI Report
Since
Sincerely,
Sindhi
Single
Single Tests
Single-selection list
Single-selection list with ability to add to the list
Singular
Sinhala
Sinhala, Sinhalese
Sinus Problems
Sinus Surgery
SINUS TENDERNESS:
Sinusitis
Sister
Site
Site Address (required for OAuth2 and FHIR)
Site Address (required for OAuth2 and FHIR). Example is
Site Address Override (if needed for OAuth2, FHIR or CCDA)
Site ID
Site ID for the Medical Information Integration, LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Site ID for the OpenEMR Support LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Site Worker
Six Months Ago
Six Months Ahead
Size
size
Size Height
Size must be a number between 1 and 999
Size Width
Size/List
Skilled Nursing Facility
Skin
Skin Cancer
Skin Disease
Skin Other
Skip Authorization of Patient Notes
Skipping illegal layout name
Skipping illegal list name
Skipping missing layout name
Skipping missing list name
Skipping section
Skipping SQL-Ledger dump - not implemented for Windows server
Sl.No
Slab Off
Sleep
Sleep patterns
Sleep Patterns
Sleeping
Sliding
Slovak
Slovene
Sm debt w/o
Smart App
SMART apps that display on the patient summary page can be enabled or disabled from this screen. Any OAUTH2 client requesting the 'launch' scope will allow EMR users to launch an app from within the EHR.
SMART Enabled Apps
Smartphones can have authenticator apps that can calculate OTP using either time based or algorithm based approaches and is a common method of OTP delivery
Smarty Cache has been cleared
Smoker, current status unknown
Smoking
Smoking Status
SMS
SMS Auth
SMS based delivery of OTP is easy to implement with no additional steps needed by the user
SMS Confirmed
SMS Gateway
SMS Gateway API key
SMS Gateway API Key
SMS Gateway Password
SMS Gateway Username
SMS Messages
SMS Notification
SMS Notification Hours
SMS Notification Settings Updated Successfully
SMS OK
SMS send before
SMS Sent
SMS Text Usable Tags
SMS Text Usable Tags:
SMS Text, Usable Tag: ***NAME***, ***PROVIDER***, ***DATE***, ***STARTTIME***, ***ENDTIME***<br> i.e. Dear ***NAME***
SMS Text, Usable Tags: 
SMS Zone
SMS zone - This section lets use send and receive SMS texts
SMS/Email Alert Settings
SMS/Email Alert Settings Updated Successfully
SMTP Password for Authentication
SMTP Security Protocol
SMTP security protocol to connect with. Required by some servers such as gmail.
SMTP Server Hostname
SMTP Server Port Number
SMTP User for Authentication
SNOMED
SNOMED (RF1) Clinical Term
SNOMED (RF1) Diagnosis
SNOMED (RF1) Procedure
SNOMED (RF2) Clinical Term
SNOMED (RF2) Diagnosis
SNOMED (RF2) Procedure
SNOMED Clinical Term
SNOMED Database
SNOMED Diagnosis
SNOMED Procedure
SNOMED-CT Code
Snoring
SOAP
Soap Import Status
Soc Hx{{Social History}}
Social
Social Difficulties
Social History
Social History Element
Social History:
Social Security Number
Social Security(Optional)
solution
Somali
Somatic Context
Some authorizations were not displayed. Click here to view all
Some codes were not displayed.
Some encounters were not displayed. Click here to view all.
Some error has occured during De Identification Process
Some global parameters on the setup and printing of the generated claims can be set in Adminstration > Globals > Billing
Some notes were not displayed.
Some office notes were not displayed. Click here to view all.
Some smaller local labs may agree to deal directly with the practice
some words
Someone else has just changed this visit. Please cancel this page and try again.
Something went wrong
Something went wrong.
Something went wrong. Please try again.
Something went wrong. Recommend contacting the clinic.
Somewhat difficult
Soon Due Interval (Clinical Reminders)
Soon Due Interval (Patient Reminders)
Sore Throat
Sorry No Appointment is Fixed
Sorry you are not privileged enough. Enrollment is limited to Adminstrator accounts.
Sorry! Not Authorized.
Sorry, there was a problem uploading your file
Sorry, there was a problem!
Sorry. Can not update history.
Sort alphabetically
Sort by
Sort By
Sort by Category
Sort by Checksum
Sort by Comments
Sort by Crt User
Sort by date
Sort by date/time
Sort by Event
Sort by Group
Sort by New Checksum
Sort by Old Checksum
Sort by PatientID
Sort by seq
Sort by Success
Sort by Tamper date/time
Sort by User
Sort by vaccine
Sort Down
Sort Result by
Sort Up
Source
Source CSV File
Source File
Source File Path
Source is missing for code 
Source Lot
Source of the document
Source Patient
Source patient has no DOB
Source patient not found
Source:
South Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Space
SPACE
Span Entire Row
Spanish
Spanish (Latin American)
Spanish (Spain)
Spanish- Castilian
Special characters are not allowed
Special treatment for the Vitals form
Specialist
Specialist name and signature
Specialized physician
Specialty
Specialty Form
Specialty Systems
Specialty:
Specific
Specific Application
Specific Contraceptive Service
Specific Result
Specific Service
Specified
Specifies formatting for codes. # = digit, * = any character. Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for codes. # = digit, @ = alpha, * = any character. Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for invoice reference numbers.  # = digit, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for invoice reference numbers.  # = digit, @ = alpha, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for product NDC fields.  # = digit, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for product NDC fields.  # = digit, @ = alpha, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for the external patient ID.  # = digit, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specifies formatting for the external patient ID.  # = digit, @ = alpha, * = any character.  Empty if not used.
Specify the interval for automatic message checking, 5 or 10 minutes as a starting point
Specify the OpenEMR user who will receive notification of new incoming Direct messages
Specimen
Specimen Collections date has not been entered and this is not a PSC Hold Order!
Specimen number/identifier
Specimen Type
Specimen type
Speech Dictation
Spermicides
Sphere
Sphere Clinicfront in person (RETAIL) Transaction CustID
Sphere Clinicfront in person (RETAIL) Transaction CustID License Key
Sphere Clinicfront over phone (MOTO) Transaction CustID
Sphere Clinicfront over phone (MOTO) Transaction CustID License Key
Sphere Ecomm TC Link Password
Sphere MOTO TC Link Password
Sphere Patientfront (Ecomm) Transaction CustID
Sphere Patientfront (Ecomm) Transaction CustID License Key
Sphere RETAIL TC Link Password
Sphere Void/Credit Confirmation Password. OpenEMR confirms pin/password before proceeding with void/credit.
Sphere Void/Credit Confirmation PIN
Sph{{Sphere}}
SPH{{Sphere}}
Splenectomy
Spouse
Spouses History
Sputum
Sputum:
SQ
sql
SQL-Ledger
Squad
Squad Membership
Squads
Squads (squads)
Sr
Sr.
SRH
SRH - Family Planning
SRH Non Family Planning
SRH Referrals
SRH Visit Form
Srv Date
SS
SSL Certificate Administration
SSN
Stability
Stack Trace
Staged Releases
Standard
Standard check
Standard Code
Standard Code (LOINC)
Standard Error Logging
Standard Measures
Standard Measures (Active Alerts)
Standard Measures (Passive Alerts)
Standard Measures (Patient Reminders)
Standard Name
Standard; Simplified: only title, start date, comments and an Active checkbox;no diagnosis, occurrence, end date, referred-by or sports fields. ; Football Injury
Start
Start (yyyy-mm-dd): 
Start Another Report
Start Assessment
Start Batch Processing
Start by clicking on Add Top Level to bring up the Enter Details pop-up box in the Add Mode
Start by clicking on the black plus sign at the end of the Serum Chemistry line to bring up the Enter Details pop-up
Start by clicking the Browse button and selecting the file to upload, and then clicking 'Upload' to perform the upload and display the corresponding invoices. In this case the other parameters mentioned above do not apply and will be ignored. Uploading saves the file but does not yet process its contents -- that is done separately as described below.
Start Date
Start date
Start Date at This Clinic
Start Date should not be greater than End Date
Start date:
Start Date:
Start entering the data in an orderly manner, tier by tier, one top order group at a time
Start Time
Start watching server processes for upgrade version
Starting date
Starting Date
Starting date for search
Starting Date From
Starting Date To
stat
State
State Data Type
State Lic. #
State License Number
State list
State List (write,addonly optional)
State List (write,addonly optional) (state)
State List Widget Custom Fields
State Or Province
State/Locality
State/Parish
State:
Statement Appearance
Statement Logo GIF Filename
STATEMENT SUMMARY
statements and updating invoices.
Statements Sent
Statements Sent:
statements; invoices will not be updated.
Static Text
Statistics
Stats
Status
Status in the group
Status in the meeting
Status Of Admission
Status of Claim
Status quo
Status Type
STD/AIDS Couns
Stength and Conditioning
Step Child
Step Parent
Step Sibling
Stepchild
Steps for uploading CCR XML
Steps to install the DSM IV database
Steps to install the ICD 10 database
Steps to install the ICD 9 database
Steps to install the RxNorm database
Steps to install the Snomed database
Steps to install the VALUSET database
Stereopsis
Stiff Joints
Stiffness
Still Loading...
Stock Months
Stomach Pains
Stop
STOP
Stopping activity status checks. Internal Server Error
Stopping status checks. Csrf Error. No harm to upgrade and will continue.
Store your safe key at settings globals in security tab
Stored Hash
Strabismus
Strain of muscle
Streak
Stream
Street
Street Address
Street Address incomplete Missing
Street and Number
Strength
Strength and Conditioning
Strep Throat
Stress fracture
Stress Test
Stripe
Stroke
stroke
Strong password means at least 8 characters, and at least three of: a number, a lowercase letter, an uppercase letter, a special character.
Strong password means at least one of each: a number, a lowercase letter, an uppercase letter, a special character.
Style
Style of form used for adding new patients
Style your messsage and/or add Image/Video
Stylings
Sub Group
Sub-category
Sub-Total
Subcategory
subcategory
subcutaneously
Subject
Subjective
Sublingual
sublingual
Submit
submit
Submit All Content
Submit and Delete Request
Submit Changes For All Appts At Once
Submit Document
Submit Event
submit form
Submit Payment for Authorization
Submit Selected Content
Submitted
submitted
Submitted by
Submitter EDI Access Number (PER06)
Submitter Name (3rd Party Submitter Only)
Submitter Name (If applicable)
Subscriber
Subscriber Address
Subscriber Address Line 1
Subscriber Address Line 2
Subscriber City
Subscriber Country
Subscriber Date of Birth
Subscriber Employer
Subscriber Employer (SE)
Subscriber Employer Address
Subscriber Employer City
Subscriber Employer Country
Subscriber Employer State
Subscriber Employer Street
Subscriber Employer Zip
Subscriber Employer Zip Code
Subscriber First Name
Subscriber Last Name
Subscriber Member
Subscriber Middle Name
Subscriber Phone
Subscriber Relationship
Subscriber relationship is not self but name is the same! Is this really OK?
Subscriber relationship is not self but SS number is the same!
Subscriber relationship is self but name is different! Is this really OK?
Subscriber relationship is self but SS number is different!
Subscriber Sex
Subscriber SS
Subscriber State
Subscriber Zip
Subscriber/Policy
Subscribers will receive the username, password, and server address information with which to configure OpenEMR
Subscribter Phone
Substance
Substance Refusal Reason
Substitution
substitution allowed
Subtitle
Subtype
Success
success
Success confirming receipt of lab result
Success getting lab results
Success retrieving results from Lab Exchange Network
Successful
Successful payment
Successful Transfers
Successfully added category
successfully added to category,
Successfully Completed
Successfully Deleted
Successfully Imported the details. Please approve the patient from the Pending Approval Screen
Successfully installed the database.
Successfully installed the following database
Successfully marked claim
Successfully Modified
Successfully ordered form
Successfully processed claim
Successfully revoked access token
Successfully revoked refresh token
Successfully revoked Trusted User
Successfully Saved.Would you like to Allocate?
Successfully Saved.Would you like to Distribute?
Successfully Sent
successfully stored.
Successfully upgraded
Successfully upgraded the database.
Successfully upgraded the following database
Successfully Validated claim
successfully.
Suffix
Suggestions for the Imp/Plan are built from the Exam, the Past Ocular History (POH and POS) and the Past Medical History (PMH)
Suicide
Suite
Summary
Summary of
Summary of Acuities for this patient
Summary Of Care Provided?
Summary of Care Provided?
Summary of Care Sent
Summary of Care Sent Electronically
Sun
Sundanese
Sunday
Superbill
Superbill Codes
Superbill Codes Administration
Superbill Codes Administration (superbill)
Superbill Report
Superbill/Fee Sheet
Superbills
Superbills, sometimes referred to as Encounter Forms or Routing Slips, are an essential part of most medical practices.
Superuser
Superuser - can delete patients, encounters, issues (super)
Supervising
Supervising Doctor
Supervising Doctor DEA
Supervising Doctor First name
Supervising Doctor Last name
Supervising Doctor NPI
Supervising Doctor UPIN
Supervising Provider
Supervisor
Supplier
Supplier facility name
Support calendar events that apply to multiple providers
Support export/import of configuration data via the Backup page.
Support Multi-Provider Events
Support Phone Number
Support provider in line item in fee sheet
Supports AES-256-CBC encryption/decryption only.
Supports TripleDES encryption/decryption only.
sup{{superior}}
Surface Type
Surgeon
Surgeries
Surgery
Surgery Issue List
Suspended
suspension
Su{{Sunday}}
Svc Date
Svc Date:
Swahili
Swati
Sweating:
Swedish
Swelling
Swelling Right
Swollen Joints
Swollen Lymph Nodes
Symbol used as the decimal point for currency. Not used if Decimal Places is 0.
Symbol used to separate thousands for currency.
Symptoms
Sync Frequency
Synchronization with MedEx is paused
Synchronize
Synchronize translations with custom language table.
Synchronized new custom constant:
Synchronized new custom language:
Synchronized new definition (Language, Constant, Definition):
Syncope
Syndromic Surveillance
Syndromic Surveillance - Non Reported Issues
Syndromic Surveillance Report
Synovitis, impingement, bursitis
System
System Error Logging Options
System Error Logging Options.
system, user, and offline_access scopes require confidential app permissions.
Systolic
S{{Saturday}}
s{{suffix to make Document plural, ie. Documents}}
S{{Sunday}}
T
T-Score
t.i.d.
T.V.
Tab Log
Table
Table Action
Table Args
Table Code
Table creation failed
Table update failed
Tables
tablet
Tabs
Tabs Layout Theme
Tabs Layout Theme (need to logout/login after change this setting)
Tag to Encounter
Tag to Image Procedure
Tag to Procedure
Tagalog
Tagline text on the login page
Tahitian
Tajik
Take
Take care and click on the black + sign on the Electrolyte Panel line to create these Discrete Results
Take Insurance, from Drop Down
Take Payment From, from Drop Down
Takeback
Takes long
Takes you to the Register Time Based One Time Password Key - TOTP page
Takes you to the Register Universal 2nd Factor Key - U2F page
Tall Navigation Area
Tamil
Tamper Date
Tampered Checksum
Target and source DOB do not match
Target and source pid may not be the same!
Target and source SSN do not match
Target Date
Target Patient
Target patient has no DOB
Target patient not found
Target/Action Groups
Targets
Taskman: Documents in openEMR
Tatar
Tax Id
Tax ID
Tax Rate
Taxes
Taxonomy
TA{{temporal arteries}}
TB
TBUT
TBUT{{tear breakup time}}
Td
Team Injury Overview
Team Roster
Team Roster View
Team/Squad
Tear Break Up Time
Tel
Telehealth
Telephone
Telephone Country Code
Tell me more
Telugu
Temp
Temp Location
Temp Method
Temp. Art.{{temporal arteries}}
Temperature
Template
Template Actions
Template Category successfully changed to new Category
Template Maintenance
Template Name
Template names cannot start with numbers.
Template Repository
Template selector changed
Template Uploads
Template:
Templates
Templates are automatically uploaded to the Template Repository. All actions on template disposal such as sending templates based on what locations are selected from the Scope bar or selecting Profiles to activate in portal, will be carried out here.
Templates Successfully sent to Locations.
Temporal Art.{{Temporal Artery}}
Temporal Arteries
Temporal Artery
Temporary Lodging
temp{{temporal}}
Tendon injury
Tendonitis / osis / bursitis
Tension
Tentative Invoice Ref No
Terms and Conditions
Tertiary
Tertiary Insurance
Tertiary Insurance Data
Tertiary Insurance provider
Test
Test Code Information
Test only, skip updates
Test Ordered
Test Scheduling
Test System
Test Value
Test/Order
Test/Screening
Tests Performed
Text
Text Diagnosis
Text field
Text for Custom statement message.
Text for fifth account message.
Text for first account message.
Text for fourth account message.
Text for second account message.
Text for third account message.
Text Message permission
Text Templates
Text-date
text-date
Textarea
textarea
Textbox
textbox
Textbox list
textbox list
Thai
Thank You
Thank you
Thank you for allowing us to serve you.
Thank you for choosing
Thank You.
The 'Clear' button will remove all annotations.
The 'Edit' window is divided into two columns, 'Active' and 'Inactive'. The groups (AROs) that are listed in the active column are those groups that the user belongs to.
The 'Select Codes' section will now have all the CPT and ICD codes that you entered grouped under the categories that you had decided upon
The *Tab* key creates each entry.
The 1500 Claim Form may also be used to report patient encounter data to federal, state, and/or other public health agencies
The 837P (Professional) is the standard format used by health care professionals and suppliers to transmit health care claims electronically
The ability to link individual issues to patient encounters will let the user quickly determine the outcome of the issue over time
The above statement failed
The ACL page two sections.
The actual amounts that will be displayed must exist in the database
The actual tests or procedures that can be searched for and ordered are highlighted in yellow
The Add icon is used to setup a tier that will be a direct descendant of this tier
The advantage of integrating the results with the patient's chart as structured data is the ability to manipulate it to see trends in one convenient location, to plot graphs with the data and use it in data analysis
The advantage of scanning the results into the chart is simplicity - no setup is required other than defining a directory/folder in the patient's chart under Documents where the result will be stored. Being unstructured data it does not have the above advantages and will not fulfill Meaningful Use criteria for Computerized Provider Order Entry (CPOE)
The Allscripts solution integrates the Allscripts ePrescribe web site with openEMR
The American Medical Association has defined 9 panels that can be ordered. Each panel contains several tests grouped together
The amount will be displayed in either the Payment or Adjustment column as the case may be
The Apache SSL server certificate and public key
The application generates challenge - a random number and passes it to the USB key along with the nonce and checksum stored in the application
The application then uses the public key that the USB device sent on registration to verify the response
The appointment status changes and encounter creations are managed through the Patient Tracker.
The Auth Name or API key for selected account. Auth Name for Authorize.Net and API Secret for Stripe.
The Balance column would be empty
The basic purpose of the authenticator app is to generate a 20 bytes (160 bits) code encoded in base32 using a secure hash function, SHA-1, and is called HMAC-SHA1 (Hash-based Message Authentication Code)
The basis for CCR is a Patient Care Referral Form developed by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health
The Billed Date/Payor column will show the date the line item payment was received and the Payor name - either insurance or patient
The Billed Date/Payor column will show the date the line item was billed and the Payor - either insurance or patient
The Body contains the clinical data that may be structured and organized as one or more sections or may be an unstructured blob of data
The Body Site, Administer Via and Laterality boxes can be left as Unassigned
The bottom group consists of the Copays
The Category column will be Custom Top Group and will be highlighted in pink
The Category column will say Order indicating that it is an order
The Category will be Result
The CDA is a plain text document that is coded using the Extensible Markup Language (XML) and contains a Header and Body
The Certificate Authority certificate
The Charge column would be blank
The Charge will be the actual amount being charged for each line item
The claim file: 
The CMS 1500 form has 33 boxes and is divided into two sections
The Code column should have 905, the vendor specific Identifying code that was entered previously
The Code column will be empty as items listed as a Group are not used in the actual reporting of results and therefore do not have a distinct code number
The Code will be R905, the Identifying Code value that was entered for the Discrete Result
The code you entered was not valid
The compatible staged US Extension SNOMED package has already been installed.
The Contacts cell has various bits of contact information like phone numbers, email etc
The Continuity of Care Document (CCD) and Continuity of Care Record (CCR) were both selected as acceptable formats to extract information for clinical care summaries as a part of Meaningful Use Stage 1
The Continuity of Care Record (CCR) has been developed jointly by ASTM International - an organization that is involved in the development and delivery of voluntary consensus, the Massachusetts Medical Society (MMS), the Health Information Management and Systems Society (HIMSS), the American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP), and the American Academy of Pediatrics
The Continuity of Care Record (CCR) is the clinical record of the patient’s current and historical health care status
The core dataset consists of
The corresponding private key
The created report can contain as much or as little information based on the need
The Current Authentication Method for the logged in user section will now feature the activated methods
The Current Authentication Method lists all the methods that are active
The custmomized Fee Sheet can be used. If and when you come across a code that is not there in the custom 'Select Codes' section you can always use the 'Search for Additional Codes' section
The Custom Favorite Item Tier should be the direct descendant or child of the relevant Custom Favorite Group
The custom grouping will also let you group two recognized panel of tests into a custom group and thus order them together, e.g. a custom group of Preop Labs may contain two panels, CBC and Renal Panel
The dashboard is the central location for convenient access the patient's medical record
The Dashboard page is divided into three sections
The data integrity test failed for this form
The data section of the dashboard page lists all pertinent items related to a patient
The dated reminder will start to appear 5 days before the reminder date under Dated Reminders 
The default code type to search for in the Fee Sheet.
The default fee sheet can be modified and customized to make it more useful.
The default fee sheet is divided into several sections and is designed to be filled from top to bottom with the save button at the very end.
The default form can be customized by editing it in Administration > Layouts
The default has two buttons that is set for 'New Patient' and 'Established' patient
The default installation has six such groups - Accounting, Administrators, Clinicians, Emergency Login, Front Office and Physicians.
The default installation has the following items
The default installation lists 5 types of issues that can be documented
The default installation will not make the phone call automatically
The default is 'Standard' usually used to reflect rates charged for insurance billing. You can have a different amount charged for credit card payment and for cash payment
The default is Normal, i.e. it is visible to everyone. Selecting High will restrict it to users belonging to the Physicians and Administrators groups by default
The default issue type is set to Problem
The default messaging center is divided into three sections - Messages, Reminders and Recalls
The default values for the rendering providers can be set
the Denial code is
the Denial Group code is
The Description column displays the short description that was entered, Serum chemistry tests
The Description column will reflect the description value that was entered previously
The Description should say Serum Uric Acid result
The Description will detail the type of payment or adjustment - Cash, Check, Electronic etc 
The destination form was closed
The destination form was closed.
The destination form was closed; I cannot act on your selection.
The difference between the two is that for a panel of tests that are ordered together the individual tests are represented by Discrete Result only and these tests cannot be ordered separately unless they have also been setup as single tests
The Discrete result Tier must be the direct descendant or child of a Procedure Order Tier for proper display of results
The Discrete Results for each panel will contain the names of the individual tests to hold the values of the returned results - WBC, Hemoglobin, Platelets, Sodium, Potassium etc
The display window can be resized by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the window
The Each Appointment option will allow a new encounter regardless of same day visit.
The Encounter Preview button is useful for showing encounter type layout forms as seen when using form in an encounter. Note, this feature is only useful for showing encounter forms and won't display system forms like Demographics
The Encounters Section will display the date of encounter as well as the presenting complaint
The end result was a confusing collection of documents containing ambiguous and/or conflicting information
The Enter Details pop-up box will open in the Add Mode
The Enter Provider Details pop-up will be visible
The entire collection of ACOs forms the Access Control List (ACL).
The entity for a Custom Favorite Item is the entity chosen for the Custom Favorite Group and cannot be changed
The entity performing this procedure
The Entries contain data used for further computer processing
The entries highlighted in yellow can be ordered as a test or procedure those highlighted in pink can be ordered as a Custom Group
The EP, eligible hospital or CAH who receives a patient from another setting of care or provider of care or believes an encounter is relevant should perform medication reconciliation.
The EP, eligible hospital or CAH who transitions their patient to another setting of care or provider of care or refers their patient to another provider of care should provide summary of care record for each transition of care or referral (Measure A).
The EP, eligible hospital or CAH who transitions their patient to another setting of care or provider of care or refers their patient to another provider of care should provide summary of care record for each transition of care or referral (Measure B).
The EP, eligible hospital or CAH who transitions their patient to another setting of care or provider of care or refers their patient to another provider of care should provide summary of care record for each transition of care or referral.
The event(s) have been approved.
The event(s) have been hidden.
The exported data appears in the text area below.  You can copy and paste this into an email or to any other desired destination.
The exported data appears in the text area below. You can copy and paste this into an email or to any other desired destination (or) download the below link.
The exported data appears in the text area below. You can copy and paste this into an email or to any other desired destination.
The exported data appears in the text area below. You can copy and paste this into an email or to any other desired destination.{{MARK FOR DELETION DURING NEXT TRANSLATION BUILD}}
The features of a MedEx enabled installation are explained in this video
The file cannot be generated again. Do you want to proceed?
The file could not be saved to CouchDB.
The file could not be succesfully renamed, this error is usually related to permissions problems on the storage system.
The file could not be succesfully stored, this error is usually related to permissions problems on the storage system
The filter section can be hidden or revealed by clicking the arrowhead  on the bottom right 
The filtered results will show up in the section below it
The finder table is grouped by past procedures then diagnosis code. Although there may be duplicate dx codes, they will be grouped with the appropriate procedure making building diagnoses list easier.
The first ("target") chart is the one that is considered the most complete and accurate. Demographics, history and insurance sections for this one will be retained.
The first column contains the Group/Category name that will be displayed on the button
The first column is the name that you gave this entry, i.e. Serum Chemistry. A vertical bar will precede the actual name. That indicates that there are no descendants or children to this entry
The first four sections deal with creating procedure orders in a structured manner in order to facilitate easy ordering of tests and entering the returned results manually
The first line will show the Encounter date and Reason as well as the Provider for that encounter
The first section lets you either link this message to a patient if so desired.
The first Segment in every HL7 Message is always the Message Header, a Segment that conveys the metadata of the message like who sent it and when. The Message header is indicated in the first three letters of the segment as MSH
The first step is signing up for a production Direct messaging account with EMR Direct by registering on their website
The first step is to download the SNOMED CT release. Access to SNOMED CT is provided by IHTSDO and their member countries. For more information see
The first step is to download the VALUESET release. Access to VALUESET is provided by NLM. Only valueset for Eligible Professionals need to be downloaded and it should be downloaded in XML format from Sorted By CMS ID column. For more details see the below link
The first step is to open an account with the Unified Medical Language System web site
The first step is to plan what your Fee Sheet 'Select Codes' section should display
The first step is to select a Transaction type
The first step would be to create a top level entry. Do so by clicking on Add Top Level button
The first tab is the referral tab that constitutes the referral being made
The first two numbers in the first and second colum will be used to determine the sort order of the buttons and the lists that are present in the popup
The following calendar event has been added:
The following calendar event has been modifed:
The following categories will be removed from your category List
The following database release is currently installed
The following documents were attached to this Direct message:
The following EDI file failed save to archive
The following EDI file has been uploaded
The following EDI file upload failed to open
The following Emergency Login User is activated:
The following errors occurred
The following field has an invalid value
The following fields are empty.
The following fields are required
The following fields have to be filled to send a request.
The following fields have to be filled to send request.
The following International Snomed Release languages are supported
The following items are required for System Scopes
The following occurred
The following problems have the same diagnosis codes. Encounter issues will not be updated. Please use the encounter interface instead.
The following steps will help customize the Fee Sheet to mimic the old paper superbill with a list of CPT4 and ICD codes arranged in categories
The group (ARO) that you created will now appear in alphabetical order in the 'Groups and Access Controls' section.
The Header defines the context for the clinical document as a whole
The header section will reveal patient specific information across most pages related to the patient's medical record
The Health Insurance Claim Form is often referred to by its form number CMS 1500 (HCFA 1500)
The help file is divided into the following sections
The help file there will guide you on further steps in setting up the lab tests
The help icon will let you access context sensitive help for each of the pages accessed
The hostname of the ATNA audit repository machine.
The hostname or URI of your LDAP or Active Directory server.
The Identifying Code has to be unique in order for the results to display correctly, you could just use R905 as an example
The Identifying code has to be unique, if sending to an external lab the vendor supplied Identifying Code has to be entered. We will enter an arbitrary unique value - WWT01
The Identifying Code is a vendor-specific code identifying this procedure or result. You can see examples of it in the paper lab slips that the labs use
The Identifying Code is essential for the proper display and tabulation of results
The Identifying Code of R34392-1, an arbitrary number, in this case the Identifying Code preceded by R to indicate result and succeeded by 1 to indicate the first in the sequence, it could be anything unique you choose
The information entered here is used to display a summary of the encounter. It is also used for billing purposes
The information entered in this form will be used to complete a paper claim
The information provided in the New Encounter Form and Fee Sheet in openEMR is used to generate the paper claim as well as electronic claims
The initial efforts led to the creation of duplicative and conflicting Implementation Guides (IGs) published by different standards organizations
The initial screen lets you select a method by offering you these two options.
The initial window is the invoice search page.  At the top you may enter a source (e.g. check number), pay date and check amount.  The reason for the source and pay date is so that you don\'t have to enter them over and over again for each claim.  The amount that you enter will be decreased for each invoice that is given part of the payment, and hopefully will end at zero when you are done.
The input should be a CSV file with 3 columns: layout ID, code type and code.
The installation directory needs to be created.
The installed International SNOMED version is not compatible with the staged US Extension SNOMED package.
The installed International SNOMED version is out of date and not compatible with the staged US Extension SNOMED file.
The installed version and the staged files are the same.
The installed version is a more recent version than the staged files.
The Instruction manual on how to fill the CMS 1500 form can be found here
The IP address of your domain controller(s).
The Issues can be entered in one of two ways
The Issues section will display all the issues entered for the patient and will display the type of issue, its title and a description
The items listed in the 'Active' column delineate the privileges of this group (ARO) and constitutes this group's Access Control List (ACL).
The items that have asterisks after them are mandated
The job id you submitted was invalid
The label that appears to the user on the form
The last cell on the line in Encounter
The last line of this encounter block will give the encounter totals of Charges, Payments, Adjustments and the Balance
The last section deals with electronic orders
The last visit date will automatically be filled
The latest version is FHIR – Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources – is a next generation standards framework created by HL7. This is gaining popularity but has not yet been widely implemented
The legacy code finder is still available for codes not found in this finder or code list editing.
The length should not exceed the following number of characters
The log entry with following id has been deleted
The log has
The log table will show a list of both messages and dated reminders if any
The LOINC code for serum uric acid is 3084-1, LOINC refers to it as Urate in Serum or Plasma
The merge will not run unless SSN and DOB for the two charts are identical. DOBs cannot be empty.
The message could not be sent at this time.
The message status will be New as it a new message that is being created
The messages that were sent by the user on that day will be displayed in the table below
The messaging center conveniently consolidates communications options in one place
The messaging center will open with the Messages tab activated and will display the logged in user's messages as indicated by the caption My Messages
The minimum information required to create a new encounter is to select a visit category
The miscellaneous billing options for HCFA-1500 form is used to provide additional information for an individual claim
The most common method is called 2-Factor Authorization or 2FA
The most important issue that needs to be addressed is who you are trying to connect to and what needs to happen at their end. Most major labs will not deal with individuals practices, in such cases a third party vendor will act an an intermediary who will be responsible for setting up a connection between the practice and the lab through their (the intermediary's) interface
The most popular maker of Security Keys is Yubico it offers regular USB versions as well as those made for devices that require USB-C connections, such as Apple’s newer Mac OS systems
The most popular open-source Electronic Health Record and Medical Practice Management solution.
The Name cell contains the name, date of birth, patient ID and date of last visit
The Narrative Block contains information that is rendered as readable text
The National Uniform Claim Committee (NUCC) is responsible for the maintenance of the 1500 Claim Form
The Nav Bar allows one to quickly navigate to various parts of the patient's medical record
The new category will be a sub-category of 
The new list
The new password can not be the same as the current password.
The new password fields are not the same.
The new password is the same as the current password. Click Okay to accept anyway.
The NewCrop eRx Partner Name, NewCrop eRx Name and NewCrop eRx Password will be provided by the vendor
The next box is Body Site, not relevant for a blood test but may be more useful in say tracking injections or ordering X-rays
The next few lines will list all the E/M and CPT codes that were billed, one line per code
The next group consists of the ICD codes
The next three cells are the action cells that let you perform some recall activity
The next two boxes denoting the Identifying Code and Standard Code are very important
The Notes cell lets you add a note to an action that you take in the 3 action cells or just a note without any association to the action
The Number of Future Appointments to Display on the Statement.
The number of staged files is incorrect. Only place the file that you wish to install/upgrade to.
The number of staged files is incorrect. Only place the files that you wish to install/upgrade to.
The Office: Phone cell lets you indicate a phone call was made
The option Span Entire Row is useful when using Static Text in allowing text to wrap and span entire row regardless of column settings. Another use could be to create an empty row as spacer or add additional option Add Bottom Border to create a line break.Only Bottom Border Row is useful here.
The options for Outline and Border will either wrap a row in thin border or add a border to the bottom of an item.
The order in which the Category, Procedure or Result appears
The other 4 transaction types are simple transaction types - Patient Request, Physician Request, Legal and Billing
The other Segments contain additional information in a strictly structured fashion
The page will be redirected to Demographics. You can edit the country field and clickthrough to NewCrop again.
The page you requested was not found. Please check that you typed the URL correctly.
The parts of the program to which access can be controlled are called Access Control Objects (ACOs). 
The password must be at least eight characters, and should
The password you entered is invalid
The Past Ocular History (POH) and Past Medical History (PMH) are negative.
The patient already registered to the group
The patient record request has been recorded.
The patient reminders have been sent
The patient reminders have been updated
The patient was not logged in when submitting this form
The patient will have to change their credentials at the first login
The Patients Rights
The Payment, Adjustment and Balance will be blank as these lines reflect only the charges being made
The payments posted cannot go below this date.This ensures that after taking the final report nobody post for previous dates.
The pop-up form heading will now read Enter Details for Individual Custom Favorite Item
The portal has data for this patient and form. Load it now?
The previous message can however be viewed by clicking on the View Log button
The Procedure Order page lists the following procedure types
The procedure request needs to be structured in a hierarchical manner and a unique identifying code assigned to it that will then be used to track and tabulate the result
The Procedures module is used to place and review orders
The process for forwarding the message is quite similar to that of creating a new message
The Progress cell lists all the actions along with any associated notes if any
The providers office has been notified. Thank you.
The public access key for secure tokenize of credit or debit card authorization. PCI compliance
The QR code also contains the user name and needs to be captured by the user on to their mobile device using an authenticator app
The raw data feed release can be obtained from
The Recall cell has the date of recall and the reason for recall
The Recalls tab has two buttons New Recall and Recall Board
The Recommendation Tier is optional
The remaining information below applies only if you are posting manually, or if you are doing manual corrections.
The reminder for the current day will have an orange exclamation icon
The reminders that are past the due date will have a red exclamation triangle icon
The requested document is not present at the expected location on the filesystem or there are not sufficient permissions to access it
The requested document is not present at the expected location on the filesystem or there are not sufficient permissions to access it.
The rest may be left blank if so preferred
The rest of the boxes related to the NewCrop eRx service can be left at default values
The Result Line will begin with a Name Serum Uric Acid that will be preceded by a vertical bar indicating no successors or children
The results could not be loaded
The results, Discrete Result, will be the fruit on this branch and we will create one such Discrete Result for each of the component tests, Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and Carbon Dioxide
The rows containing the CPT4 codes has several boxes that need to be filled to ensure proper billing of claims
The saved Medical Problem will now be listed as a single line in the main Issues page under Medical Problems
The Scope toolbar is global to the entire view. It consists of Location, Category and action buttons.
The screen refresh time in Seconds for the Patient Flow Board Screen.
The search field cannot be empty. Please enter a search term
The Search results are displayed in the section 'Search Results'.
The second ("source") chart will have its demographics, history and insurance sections discarded.  Its other data will be merged into the target chart.
The second column contains the options that will be displayed when the button is clicked
The second column is Category and should say Top Group to indicate its position as the top item in this particular hierarchical tree that we will be constructing
The second section lets you choose to whom you wish to send the message
The second tab, is somewhat ambiguously named as Counter-Referral, is the place to document the received reply to the referral being made
The section labeled 'Invoice Search' is where you put in your search parameters. You can search by patient name, chart number, encounter number or date of service, or any combination of these. You may also select whether you want to see all invoices, open invoices, or only invoices that are due (by the patient). Click the 'Search' button to perform the search.
The selected code will be added to the coding text-box and the Description on the code will be added to the Title text-box
The selected codes will then appear in the 'Selected Fee Sheet Codes and Charges for Current Encounter' section
The selections in this section will be used in charging for this encounter
The sequence is the order in which this top order item will be displayed on the page, 1 to denote the first top level group
The server address will be of the form 
The setup for lab tests will be described in detail, minor modification to these steps will be needed to setup in-office procedures and other procedure types
The somewhat ambiguously named Counter-Referral is the space where the reply to the referral being made can be documented
The Source and Date columns are copied from the first page, so normally you will not need to touch those.  You can put a payment amount in the Pay column, an adjustment amount in the Adjust column, or both.  You can also click the "W" on the right to automatically compute an adjustment value that writes off the remainder of the charge for that line item.
The Source and Date columns are copied from the first page, so normally you will not need to touch those. You can put a payment amount in the Pay column, an adjustment amount in the Adjust column, or both. You can also click the 'W' on the right to automatically compute an adjustment value that writes off the remainder of the charge for that line item.
The Specimen Type will be Blood, this drop-down list can also be edited as needed
The staged files release dates are not all from the same release.
The staged files revisions are not all from the same release.
The staged US Extension SNOMED package can not be installed until after the International SNOMED package has been installed.
The Standard Code is optional if using a local i.e. practice based lab but recommended when using an external lab
The Standard Code will be the LOINC code if sending to an external lab or can be any unique number. We will enter the LOINC code for Fasting Glucose 1558-6
the status of three chronic/inactive problems
The subsequent lines will indicate the details of the payments received, adjustments made and the balance due
The suffix of the account.
The system does not permit uploading files of with size 0.
The system does not permit uploading files with MIME content type
The system is also designed to parse incoming HL7 messages and place the results in the appropriate patient chart, failing which it will give you an opportunity to manually link it to a patient chart
The system is designed to both place orders electronically and receive the results electronically
The third column will contain the CPT code
The Tier column value will be 1 indicating it is a top level item
The Tier column value will be 3, indicating this is a successor or child to the first line above it having a value of 2
The Tier column will be 2, indicating this is a successor or child to the first line above it having a value of 1
The Tier Column would be 1 indicating it is the Top Group
The time granularity of the calendar and the smallest interval in minutes for an appointment slot.
The Title will be the name of the new group (ARO) that you are going to create.
The top group consists of charges for the encounter - one row per charge
The top portion of the Recall Board allows the setting of filters to display specified data
The traditional mechanism of using a login and password is no longer considered to be sufficient to prevent an unauthorized user from gaining access to the application
The Transaction ID for the credit was
The transaction_id for the void was
The translated label that will appear on the form in current language
The translated Title that will appear in current language
The translation of description in current language
The translation tables are synchronized.
The type of this entity
The Type will be blank
The Type will Insurance or Patient
The Type would be Allergy
The Type would be Dental Issues
The Type would be Medication
The Type would be Problem indicating a medical problem
The Type would be Surgery
The UB-04 (CMS 1450) is a claim form used by hospitals, nursing facilities, in-patient, and other facility providers
The Unit column would be blank
The Units will be 1 as each code is billed only once for the encounter
The upcoming reminders have a green exclamation icon
The USB devices communicate with the host computer using the human interface device (HID) protocol, essentially mimicking a keyboard
The USB key needs to be plugged in to the computer and then registered with OpenEMR
The USB key takes this the nonce supplied by the application after confirming the checksum and generates a private key using the process similar to that used in the registration process
The user's actual privileges are determined by the access to the parts of the program i.e. (ACO) that each group (ARO) has.
The Username fields are not the same.
The Username is your Direct Address
The values in the drop-down box can be edited by following the steps outlined in the Procedures > Providers help file
The values listed here will show up in the drop-down boxes that will be used to process orders
The vendor-specific code identifying this procedure or result
The vendor-specific code identifying this procedure or result. If no vendor enter any arbitrary unique number, preferably a 5 digit zero-padded e.g. 00211
The very first step would be install the ICD codes. Go to Administraion > Other > External Data Loads. Select the Code sets you want to install and click Install
The very last line of this report will give the Grand Total of Charges, Payments, Adjustments and the Balance
The Weno Exchange is well integrated with openEMR and is not subscription based
The X12 files as well as the resulting HTML output reports are archived in the "era" subdirectory of the main OpenEMR installation directory.  You will want to refer to these archives from time to time.  The URL is 
The X12 files as well as the resulting HTML output reports are archived in the 'era' subdirectory of the main OpenEMR installation directory. You will want to refer to these archives from time to time.
The zip file will contain the following items
Theme
Theme of the tabs layout (need to logout and then login to see this new setting).
Theme of the tabs layout (need to logout and then login to see this new setting). Note this is only applicable if use the Light or Manila general theme below.
Then pass it's name as a value to the element
Then press the flashing button on your key within 1 minute to complete registration
Then press the flashing button on your key within 1 minute.
Then the raw data feed release can be obtained from
Therapeutic Injections
Therapy
Therapy group
Therapy Group
Therapy Group Encounter
Therapy Group Finder
There are
There are 10 settings that are related to procedures included in the standard release of openEMR
There are 3 forms in the Core category - Demographics, Facility Specific User Information and History and all 5 forms in Transactions that can be edited 
There are currently no prescriptions
There are errors with your submission.  These are outlined below.
There are four message statuses - New, Forwarded, Read and Done
There are multiple options regarding patient portals and information on how to setup the patient portal is available here
There are multiple patients with portal login
There are nine C-CDA templates that are currently defined
There are no charts checked out.
There are no clients registered in the system
There are no disclosures recorded for this patient.
There are no Glasses or Contact Lens Presciptions on file for this patient
There are no messages on file for this patient.
There are no New Submissions
There are no notes on file for this patient.
There are no record(s) found.
There are no transactions on file for this patient.
There are several versions of HL7, versions 2.x and version 3
There are several ways to customize the fee sheet. It depends on how comfortable you are in adding information to the database itself
There are three actions that are possible - Create a New Dated Reminder, Forward and Set as Completed
There are three actions that can be performed here - edit an existing group (ARO), add a new group (ARO) or delete an existing group (ARO).
There are three main template views. The first is the Repository where you store templates for future edits and disposal. 
There are three main types of reports that can be created, two pertain to continuity of ongoing care - Continuity of Care Record (CCR) and Continuity of Care Document (CCD) and the third - Patient Report that creates a document containing various sections of the patient's medical record including demographics, medical issues, procedures and encounters. It also has the ability to include all or any of the scanned documents in the patient's chart
There are three options available when you create a Continuity of Care Document (CCD)
There are three options available when you create a Continuity of Care Record (CCR)
There are three sets of actions that can be performed on this page, in addition the form can be customized
There are two buttons that enable you to Check or Clear all available check-boxes
There are two options for the records that will be created
There are two sections that are visible
There are two sources that can be searched - MedlinePlus Connect or Local Content
There are two ways this can be accomplished, either by the manual method, by searching and entering data for individual invoices or by uploading an entire electronic remittance advice ERA file.
There are various selections to be filled, the minimum data needed to successfully save the referral is Referral Date, Refer To and Reason
There has been a mail error sending to
There is a charge transaction that has not been captured.
there is a contraception form new method but no contraception service
there is a contraception service but no contraception form new method
There is a lab order
There is a Post error
There is already a category named
There is already a subcategory named
There is already an item named
There is already an open patient record request.
There is no COA entry for AR account 
There is no COA entry for cash account 
There is no COA entry for income account 
There is no current patient
There is no local content for this topic.
There is no match for invoice id
There is no match for invoice id = 
There is no parts entry for services ID 
There is no patient with portal login
There was a problem registering you. Recommend contacting clinic for assistance.
There was a problem sending the message.
There was an error while processing your request.
There was an OpenEMR SQL Escaping ERROR of the following string
Therefore each user has to individually activate this feature
These ACOs are grouped into ten broad categories that are part of the default installation. They are - Administration, Accounting, Patient Information, Encounter Information, Squads, Sensitivities, Lists, Placeholder, Nation Notes and Patient Portal. Each of these categories has one or several sub-categories that provide access to specific parts of the program.
These are free and can be downloaded from the respective app store for ios and android devices
These are the 2012 links
These are used to populate fields 3 and 4 in the HL7 MSH - message header
These are used to populate fields 5 and 6 in the HL7 MSH - message header
These credentials will be used by the patient to login to the patient portal for the first time
These custom groups are application specific and not user specific
These entries will be used to define the Providers in the Procedures module
These groups (AROs) can then be given a set of privileges by assigning different categories (ACOs).
These items can be edited if the user has sufficient privilege
These lists are used to determine who can access what in openEMR. They work in a top down manner, i.e. initially everybody is denied access to those parts of the program controlled by the ACL.
These numbers need to match to successfully authenticate the user
These Patient notes are sent without an assigned patient
These sub-categories represent the actual Access Control Objects (ACOs).
These templates are text only and will not render any other formatting other than pure text.
These three steps are essential before orders can be placed and received results linked to a patient's chart
These Transactions are generally used to document events that have already occurred
These two actions are available for all transactions
They are displayed in rows and are sub divided into three groups
They are Electrolyte Panel, Basic Metabolic Panel, Comprehensive Metabolic Panel, Renal Function Panel, General Health Panel, Obstetric Panel, Acute Hepatitis panel, Hepatic Function Panel and Lipid Panel
They are listed in ascending order by encounter date
They do not share the vulnerabilities of SMS based methods and generally do not require an internet connection except to keep their clocks synchronized with the current time
They will be provided by the facility that you will be connecting to
Thickened Right:
Thigh
Thigh + hamstring
Things that back office can only read
Things that back office can read and enter but not modify
Things that back office can read and modify
Things that back office can read and partly modify
Things that clinicians can only read
Things that clinicians can read and enter but not modify
Things that clinicians can read and modify
Things that clinicians can read and partly modify
Things that front office can only read
Things that front office can read and enter but not modify
Things that front office can read and modify
Things that front office can read and partly modify
Things that physicians can only read
Things that physicians can read and enter but not modify
Things that physicians can read and modify
Things that physicians can read and partly modify
Third
Third account message
This account already exists.
This action CANNOT be undone.
This action cannot be undone.
This action cannot be undone. Are you sure you wish to delete this form?
This action will be logged
This action will reset your claim!
This administration page is for managing the list of OAUTH2 registered applications that are authorized to use the APIs.
This Allows a Date Range to be Selected in Patient Flow Board.
This application has requested offline access to your data. This permission will allow the data you authorize below to be accessed for an extended period of time
This appointment slot is already used, please choose another.
This appointment slot is already used, use it anyway?
This appointment slot is not available, please choose another.
This Calendar Year
This charge was reversed via credit on following date
This charge was reversed via void on following date
This claim has been canceled.
This claim has been closed.
This claim has been denied.Reason:-
This claim has been forwarded to next level.
This claim has HCFA 1500 miscellaneous billing options
This Client ID Is Provided By Google For Your App (Required For Google Sign-in)
This client is currently disabled
This code is optional if only using manual lab data entry
This code is optional, but is a good practice to do so.
This code is optional, but is a good practice.
This code is optional.
This code type does not accept relations.
This completes a basic setup and will let use use the Fee Sheet to document charges for billing purposes
This context contains categories, which will be deleted. Do you still want to continue?
This Conversation
This Custom Favorite item can only be sent to the displayed lab, the one that was chosen in the Custom Favorite Group
This determines how appointments display on the calendar.
This determines which color schema used for appointment
This device is labeled as a Human Cell, Tissue or Cellular or Tissue-Based Product (HCT/P).
This device is required to be labeled as containing natural rubber latex or dry natural rubber.
This dialog is generated from patient problem diagnoses and the accumulated diagnoses of all past procedures.
This Enables provider in line item in the fee sheet
This Encounter
This encounter has been billed. If you need to change it, it must be re-opened.
This encounter has been billed. To make changes, re-open it or select Add More Items.
This encounter is locked. No new forms can be added.
This EOB item does not meet minimum print requirements setup in Globals or there is an unknown error.
This fax has already been sent to
This fax has already been sent.
This feature is not yet available
This feature is used to add patients to a recall list, i.e those that need an appointment at a future date but the appointment has not yet been scheduled
This feature is very experimental and not fully tested. Use at your own risk!
This feature will allow the default POS facility code to be overridden from the encounter.
This feature will allow the default POS facility code to be overriden from the encounter.
This field is used to decide whether to process the message as defined in HL7 Application (level 7) Processing rules
This form allows you to enter details of a visit or patient interaction
This fully functional Recall Board included in the default install can be used to add patients to the recall list
This gives you the option to delete any unwanted individual test in the group
This has to entered once in this form
This help file is divided into four sections
This help file is divided into the following sections
This ICD code can be automatically added to to Problem List by checking the P (Problem) checkbox. This selected item will show up in the Issues section under Medical problems
This invoice number has been changed to 
This is a child of result
This is done in Administration > Users.
This is followed by the Edit and Add columns containing a pencil icon and a + icon
This is helpful if visits usually do not have charges.
This is not a valid request
This is passed to the application along with checksum value and is unique for each USB key and thereby the user who owns it
This is public information maintained by HHS/CMS. We cannot be responsible for the data received
This is required for both manual lab result entry and for electronic ordering tests and receiving results
This is required for your security as well as ours.
This is the Beginning date for the Ledger Report.
This is the chart that is to be merged into the main chart and then deleted.
This is the default Beginning date for the Patient Flow Board. (only applicable if Allow Date Range in option above is Enabled)
This is the default Ending date for the Patient Flow Board. (only applicable if Allow Date Range in option above is Enabled)
This is the default left print margin for CMS 1500. It will adjust the final printed output left or right.
This is the default left print margin for UB04. It will adjust the final printed output left or right.
This is the default top print margin for CMS 1500. It will adjust the final printed output up or down.
This is the default top print margin for UB04. It will adjust the final printed output up or down.
This is the Ending date for the Patient Flow Board Date Range. (only applicable if Allow Date Range in option above is Enabled)
This is the latest of multiple result values.
This is the main chart that is to receive the merged data.
This is the number of messages that will be displayed in the messages widget in the patient summary screen.
This is the recommended method for a non-technical user, if executed carefully will reduce configuration errors
This is where the referrals and various other simple transactions are created
This item does not have enough data to graph
This item will be displayed on the page on a single line
This key is generated by the application and is presented to the user in the form of a QR code
This key name is already in use by you. Try again.
This layout does not exist.
This layout ID already exists
This lets you manually enter the reply to the referral as structured data
This lets you set the price level for the charges and let you charge different rates for different modes of payment.
this location
This message need not necessarily be linked to a patient
This message text is not saved automatically. Copy and save it as appropriate for the content.
This method will however result in the data becoming non-structured and one would loose the ability to document the reply in an electronic format
This module is being used by 
This module is in test mode. The database will not be changed.
This module is subscription based and needs to be enabled from Administration > Globals > Connectors > Enable NewCrop eRx Service
This module is well integrated with openEMR, there are however two non-subscription based alternatives, Weno and Allscripts that can be used instead
This module promotes efficient entry of EOB data.
This Month to Date
This name already exists under this parent.
This namespace already exists in database
This new category will be a sub-category of 
This note goes on the bottom of every checkout receipt.
This order was already transmitted on
This page allows you to review each of the supported external dataloads that you can install and upgrade. Each section below can be expanded by clicking on the section header to review the status of the particular database of interest.
This page deactivated for security reasons.
This page lets you configure the orders and results
This page will inline include the login page, so that we do not have to click relogin every time.
This patient already has an appointment scheduled for
This patient does not allow SMS messaging!
This patient has already been added to the list
This patient has no activity.
This patient ID is already in use!
This portals authentication.
This product allows only one lot per warehouse.
This protocol is not implemented
This provider will be used as the default for services not specifying a provider.
This question is optional and not included in the final score
This report currently only works for ICD9 codes.
This run is incomplete due to time expiration.
This search field does not exist or is not supported
This section allows you to create and remove groups and modify or grant access privileges to existing groups. Check the check box to display section
This section can be customized to group the codes into various categories
This section DOES NOT let you create new ACOs.
This section is where the codes use to charge for the visit are selected
This section lets you search for the needed code if it is not in the default or customized options in 'Select Code' section
This section will allow the logged in user to view existing methods or to delete them 
This sets the Default Calendar View, Default is Day.
This specifies the Printing of the Custom End of Day Report grouped Provider or allow the Printing of Totals Only
This specifies whether to include date in Box 31.
This specifies which revision of the form the billing module should generate
This step will generate a file which you have to save for future use.
This step will generate a file which you have to save for future use. The file cannot be generated again. Do you want to proceed?
This transaction credited the following Transaction ID
This transaction voided the following Transaction ID
This user is not a member of any group
This user will receive notification of new incoming Direct messages
This utility is experimental.  Back up your database and documents before using it!
This utility is experimental. Back up your database and documents before using it!
This visit begins new contraceptive use
This visit will need a GCAC form, referral or procedure service.
This was the older metric-only Vitals form, now deprecated.
This Week to Date
This will abandon any edits!
This will abandon your unsaved changes. Are you sure?
This will activate the CCR(Continuity of Care Record) and CCD(Continuity of Care Document) reporting.
This will advance the receipt number. Please print the receipt if you have not already done so.
This will allow printing of a custom Message on the statements.
This will allow printing of the Patient Billing Note on the statements.
This will allow selection of the debugging (\'dummy\') language.
This will allow the display of help modal on help enabled pages
This will allow the use of the custom End of Day report and indicate which report to use.
This will allow use of the custom Dunning Messages on the statements.
This will be a "dry run" with no physical data updates.
This will clear the data from all Anterior Segment Exam fields
This will clear the data from all External Exam fields
This will clear the data from all Retina Exam fields
This will copy the selected code to the Diagnosis Codes box in the underlying Enter Details for Individual Custom Favorite Item pop-up form
This will create a backup in tar format and then send it to your web browser so you can save it
This will deactivate document the encryption and decryption features, and hide them in the UI.
This will disable the Edit button on all forms whose parent encounter is e-signed
This will disable the Edit button on any form that is e-signed
This will Display the Invoice Number in the Sales Report or the Patient Name and ID or Patient Name and Invoice Number.
This will enable encryption of items that are stored on CouchDB.
This will enable encryption of items that are stored on the drive.
This will enable signing an entire encounter, rather than individual forms
This will enable signing individual forms separately
This will enable the Ability to Exclude Selected Patient Statements from Printing.
This will fill in the Title text-box as well as ICD10 code in the Coding text-box
This will force the Billing Widget in the Patient Summary screen to always be open.
This will give the user the option to lock (separate locking and signing)
This will give you the option to set different price levels when you are manually entering CPT codes
This will hide any e-sign logs on the patient report
This will hide any encounter forms not E-Signed on the patient report
This will hide empty e-sign logs on the patient report
This will hide the Billing Widget in the Patient Summary screen
This will merge two patient charts into one.  It is useful when a patient has been duplicated by mistake.  If that happens often, fix your office procedures - do not run this routinely!
This will not prevent you from going to the e-Prescriptions site.
This will permanently delete all lots of this product. Related reports will be incomplete or incorrect. Are you sure?
This Will Print the Next Appointment on the Bottom of the Patient Ledger
This will re-display the secret key via the QR code that can then be captured and stored on the new Smartphone via its authenticator app
This will register a new U2F USB key
This will reveal the Register TOTP Key section for logged in user
This will Show Aging on the custom Statement.
This will turn off use of safe apostrophe, which is done by converting \' and " to `.(it is highly recommended that this setting is turned off and that safe apostrophe\'s are used)
This will use the custom immunizations list rather than the standard CVX immunization list.
This will use the custom Statement showing the description instead of the codes.
This will use the custom Statment showing the description instead of the codes.
Thoracic physician
Thoracic spine
Those with adequate privilege would be able to able to Delete the transaction
Thous/CU.MM
Three Months Ago
Three Months Ahead
Three or four digits at back of your card
Thrills
Throat
Throat Cancer
Throat Cancer Surgery
Thrombosis/Stroke
Thu
Thumbnail size
Thurdsay
Thursday
Thus far the tests that can be ordered were placed in the Procedure Order Tier, only one test at a time can be placed in this tier, when ordering a recognized panel of tests the entire panel of tests is grouped together as a single test e.g. Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and Carbon dioxide grouped as Electrolyte Panel. The results of the individual returned tests in the panel are recorded as Discrete Results
Thyroid normal
Thyroid Problems
Th{{Thursday}}
TIA
Tibetan Standard, Tibetan, Central
Ticket
TID
Tier
Tier 1 - Group - e.g. Serum Chemistry
Tier 1 entries should be of Category Top Group
Tier 2 - Group (will display in category column as Sub Group) - e.g. Organ/Disease Panel
Tier 2 - Procedure Order - e.g. Serum Uric Acid
Tier 3 - Discrete Result - e.g. Serum Uric Acid - will hold the returned result value and Default Units, Default Range etc
Tier 3 - Procedure Order - e.g. Electrolyte Panel
Tier 4 - Discrete Result - The actual test names to hold the results returned Na, K, Cl, CO2 and Default Units, Default Range etc
Tigrinya
Time
Time Collected
Time Display Format
Time Increment for Add (minutes 1-60)
Time selection
Time slot is available, saving event
Time slot is open, saving event
Time Zone
Time-To-Live for Allergies SOAP Request in seconds
Time-To-Live for Medications SOAP Request in seconds
Time-To-Live for NewCrop eRx Allergies SOAP Request in seconds.
Time-To-Live for NewCrop eRx Medications SOAP Request in seconds.
Timed event
Times array (N/A)
Timestamp and Text
Timing
TIN
Tinnitus
Tips
Title
Title - The value that will be displayed - Each word to begin with an uppercase letter
Title is required
Title V
TitleCols must be a number between 1 and 999
Titles
TM\'S:
TMs/EAMs/EE, ext nose
To
to
TO
to absolute path of file
To access it click on the Recall Board menu item in the top navigation bar or click on the Recall Board button in the Message Center
To add a copay click the 'Add Copay' button
To add messages, please click here
To add more options to the dropdown menu go to Administration > Lists > Manage Lists and select 'Price Level' in the dropdown box and enter the types e.g: Credit Card, Cash etc.
To add notes, please click 
To add notes, please click here
To Affected Area
to affected area
To allow for each procedure line to have a separate provider you have to check the 'Support provider in line item in fee sheet' checkbox in Administration > Globals > Billing. If not checked the rendering provider in this section will be used for all claims
To authorize the patient portal for the patient go to Dashboard > Demographics > Edit > Choices and select Yes in Allow Patient Portal drop-down box and Save
To automatically open the specified form. Some sports teams use football_injury_audit here.
To be able to link this issue to an encounter click on the button to bring up the Issues and Encounters pop-up page
To Billing View
to category
To change and activate the default parameters in the Fee Sheet go to Administration > Globals > Billing
To Clinical View
To configure the lab test go to Procedures > Configuration
To copay
To create a new message click on the Add New button at the bottom
To create another panel of tests you will repeat this process but will start by creating a Procedure Order or fruit bearing branch Tier 3, for example - Acute Hepatitis panel under the main branch or Sub Group Organ/Disease Panel (Tier 2)
To Dashboard
To date must be later than From date!
To ded'ble
To delete any or all the selected ICD10 codes click again on the Diagnosis Codes box to bring up the Select Diagnosis Codes pop-up window
To delink just click on the item to delink and it will get delinked and will no longer be highlighted
To Dems
To disable automatic message checking go to Administration > Globals > Connectors  and set phiMail Message Check Interval to 0 (zero) 
To Disable client side SSL certificates, comment above lines in Apache configuration file and set
To Disable client side SSL certificates, comment above lines in Apache configuration file and turn off the \'Enable Client SSL\' global setting in OpenEMR and restart Apache server.
To Disable HTTPS, comment the above lines in Apache configuration file and restart Apache server.
To display the copay amount it must have been entered in the patient's insurance under Edit > Demographics
To do so click on the black + sign at the far end on the Serum Uric Acid order line to bring up the Enter Details pop-up
To edit an existing group (ARO) click on the icon next to the desired group. This will bring up the edit window.
To enable any other form of connectivity will require writing new code
To enable Client side ssl certificates
To Enable Client side SSL certificates authentication, HTTPS should be enabled.
To enable help - Go to  Administration > Globals > Features > Enable Help Modal
To enable help - Go to the User Name on top left > Settings > Features > Enable Help Modal
To enable help - Go to the User Name on top right > Settings > Features > Enable Help Modal
To Enable only HTTPS, perform the above changes and restart Apache server. If you want to configure client side certificates also, please configure them in the next section.
To enable Patient Portal go to Administration > Portal > Enable Version 2 Onsite Patient Portal, Enable Offsite Patient Portal or Enable CMS Portal
To encounter
To Enctr
To filter by sex
To fulfill Meaningful use requirements and help track its use you can check on the Sent Summary of Care check-box and the Sent Summary of Care Electronically check-box if appropriate
To fully delete hit 'Save'
To get started you choose one of the two radio buttons. 'Invoice Search' or 'ERA Upload' 
To help explore the various components of the Report page especially if you want to use it as an instruction manual it is suggested that you reduce the size of the browser to cover half the viewport, resize the help pop-up by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the pop-up. Open another instance of the browser and resize it to cover the other half of the viewport, login to openEMR 
To help familiarize you with the various components of the Dashboard page it is suggested that you reduce the size of the browser to cover half the viewport, resize the help pop-up by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the pop-up. Open another instance of the browser and resize it to cover the other half of the viewport, login to openEMR
To help simplify implementations, commonly used templates were harmonized from existing CDA implementation guides and consolidated into a single implementation guide – the C-CDA Implementation Guide (IG) (07/2012)
To History
To include the scanned documents that are a part of the patient's record select the desired records by check the relevant check-boxes
To Issues
To link the Issues to an encounter first select the issue, it will be highlighted yellow, then click on one or more encounters to link them, the selected encounters will be highlighted in purple
To link this encounter/consult to an existing issue, click the 
To link this encounter/consult to an existing issue, click the desired issue above to highlight it and then click [Save]. Hold down [Ctrl] button to select multiple issues.
To link this encounter/consult to an existing issue, click the desired issue above to highlight it and then click Save
to login again
To move the groups from one column to another select one or more items from the column that you need to move them out of and press the relevant button with the double chevrons.
To proceed you need a USB security key, a secure HTTPS web connection and a browser that supports U2F
To recap, a Group called Serum Chemistry (Tier 1) was created, a direct descendant or child called Serum Uric Acid (Tier 2) was created beneath it as a Procedure Order which had a single direct descendant or child also called Serum Uric Acid (Tier 3) as a Discrete Result that will hold the result value
To receive error notifications from the Direct Messaging service a valid Notification Email Address needs to be entered for the user named in Administration > Globals > Connectors > phiMail notification user
To record disclosures, please click
To register you need an authenticator app installed on your Smartphone
To Repository Location
To resend, delete the file from Communications and try again.
To resend, delete the file from Communications, reload this page and try again.
To reveal the filters click on the eye icon
to run
to search Location and Category current selections or refresh views. By selecting location and or category, all the tables in the form will reflect those selection.
To see to all the ACOs that are available click on the eye icon.
To select a particular code identify it in the returned results and click on it to select
To select multiple groups hold down the 'Shift' or 'Ctrl' keys while clicking.
To send template or available profiles to patient(s), simply select the patient(s) from the Location select then select the templates to be sent from the repository send check box.
To setup https access with client certificate authentication, do the following
To Skin
to skin
To summarize
to this visit?
To upload CCR document of already existing patient use Patient Summary Screen->Documents. For CCR document of a new patient use Miscellanous->New Documents screen
To upload local text or html templates click the Upload button in Template Repository title to expose the file select button. Next select a Category from Scope bar if wanted then click files select button to show the file browser. You may select as many files to upload within reason
To use the help page as an instruction manual it is suggested that you reduce the size of the browser to cover half the viewport, resize the help pop-up by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the pop-up. Open another instance of the browser and resize it to cover the other half of the viewport, login to openEMR 
To use this help file as an instruction manual it is best to resize your browser to occupy half the screen, open another instance of the browser to fill the other half of the screen, login to openEMR and open the help file in this browser and resize it by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner so that it occupies the entire half screen
To use this help file as an instruction manual it is suggested that you reduce the size of the browser to cover half the viewport, resize the help pop-up by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the pop-up. Open another instance of the browser and resize it to cover the other half of the viewport, login to openEMR
To:
To: 
TO_CITY
TO_FAX
TO_FNAME
TO_LNAME
TO_MNAME
TO_ORGANIZATION
TO_PHONE
TO_PHONECELL
TO_POSTAL
TO_STATE
TO_STREET
TO_TITLE
TO_VALEDICTORY
Tobacco
Tobacco Cessation Intervention
Tobacco Cessation Intervention (CQM)
Tobacco use
Tobacco Use
Tobacco Use Assessment
Tobacco Use Assessment (CQM)
Today
TODAY
today
Today\'s Balance
Today\'s Charges
Today\'s Date
Today\'s Events
Toggle
Toggle All
Toggle navigation
Toggle the Patient Panel
Toggle the right-sided PMSFH panel
Token
Token DB Id
Token details
Token Expiration
Token for connection to ASSE SOAP server
Token ID for the Medical Information Integration, LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Token ID for the OpenEMR Support LLC Lab Exchange Service.
Token JTI(DB token value)
Token Status
Token Tools
Token Type
Tonga (Tonga Islands)
Tonsillectomy
tonsillectomy
Too many search results found. Displaying a limited set of patients. Narrow your search results through the filters above.
Tooltips
Top
Top Group
Top Margin (mm)
Topic
Total
total
Total active actions
Total active reminders after update
Total active reminders before update
Total Adj
Total amount due
Total Amount Paid
Total Balance Due
Total Charge
Total Charges
Total Charges This Visit
Total Clients
Total Co-Pay
Total Cost
Total Distribution for following check number is not full
total entries
Total failed reminders sent via email
Total failed reminders sent via phone
Total for
Total for 
Total for category
Total GAD-7 score
Total inactivated reminders
Total Minimum Amount of Statement to Allow Printing
Total Minimum Dollar Amount of Statement to Allow Printing.(only applicable if Allow Statement Exclusions from Printing is enabled)
Total new reminders
Total number of appointments
Total number of Drug Screen entries
Total Number of Immunizations
Total Number of Issues
Total number of Patient Flow Board entries
Total Number of Patients
Total of
Total Pages
Total Patient Balance
Total patients
Total Patients
Total Payments
Total Payments This Visit
Total pharmacies
Total Records
total records
Total Records Found
Total size
Total SRH & Family Planning
Total successful reminders sent via email
Total successful reminders sent via phone
Total Time
Total Transfers
Total unchanged reminders
Total unsent reminders after sending process
Total unsent reminders after update
Total unsent reminders before sending process
Total unsent reminders before update
Total updated reminders
Total Visit Charges
Totals
Totals for
Totals for 
Totals Only
TOTP
TOTP - Cons
TOTP - Pros
TOTP - Time-Based One-Time Password
TOTP Key
TOTP Method already exists and is enabled. Try again.
TOTP Registration
TOTP Verification
To{{Destination}}
to{{Destination}}
TO{{Destination}}
to{{Range}}
To{{Range}}
to{{range}}
To{{range}}
Tpn{{Tonopen abbreviation}}
TP{{tonopen}}
tr
Track
Track Report
Tracks
Tracks - if the Track Anything feature is enabled it will display a list of values that can be tracked and graphed
Train
Trainer
Training
Training Type
Tran
Transact
Transaction
transaction
Transaction Cancelled
Transaction date must not be in the future or before 2000
Transaction Declined
Transaction Error
Transaction failed, duplicate lot
Transaction failed, insufficient quantity in destination lot
Transaction failed, quantity is less than zero
Transaction ID
Transaction Id
Transaction Not Successful
Transaction Progress
Transaction Type
Transactions
transactions
Transactions (write optional)
Transactions (write optional) (trans)
Transactions - lists various notes about happenings in a patient's chart with respect to billing, legal, patient request, physician request and also generates a patient referral or counter-referral
Transactions are for events or information not necessarily tied to one specific visit or encounter
Transactions provides a mechanism to link an activity to patient that is not encounter based
Transactions, e.g. referrals (write optional) (trans)
Transactions/Referrals
Transdermal
Transfer
Transfer date
Transfer failed, insufficient quantity in source lot
Transfer Summary
Transfer to
Transferred By
Transferred Date
Transfers
Transition Of Care
Transition/Transfer of Care?
Translate Access Control Groups
Translate Appointment Categories
Translate Document Categories
Translate Layouts
Translate Lists
Translate Patient Note Titles
translate this
Translated
Translation
Translations
Transmit
Transmit - securely transmit the CCD using phiMail Direct Messaging
Transmit - securely transmit the CCR using phiMail Direct Messaging
Transmit failed
Transmit Order
Transmit Selected Orders
Transmitter
Trash
Trauma
Treatment
Treatment Completion Status
Treatment Goals
Treatment Plan
Treatment Planning
Treatment Received
Treatment:
Treatment: 
Tree
Trend
trftime($month_format, mktime(0, 0, 0, $i, 1, 2000)) );             $month_value
Tribal 638 Free-standing Facility
Tribal 638 Provider-based Facility
Trifocal
Trifocals
Trigger point / compartment syndrome / DOMS / cramp
Trimalleolar
Tropic 2.5%
Trouble relaxing
True
Trunk and abdomen
Trusted Direct Email Address
Trusted Email
Trying
Trying to create user with existing username!
Tsonga
tsp
Tswana
TTS
Tuberculosis
Tue
Tues &amp; Thur
Tuesday
Tumour
Turkish
Turkmen
Turn off auto calculations of adjustments in EOB
Turn Off birthday alert
Turn on Enable Client SSL
Turn on to show all payment history in Patient Ledger
Turn the Tooltips on/off
Tu{{Tuesday}}
Twi
twice daily
Two Years Ago
Two Years Ahead
Tx Date
Tympanic Membrane
Type
Type a brief message and hit Send Message 
Type a name for the key in the text box
Type a name for your key, insert it into a USB port and click the Register button below
Type Id or Name.3 characters minimum (including spaces).
Type in Electrolyte Panel as the Name
Type in the location of the directory or folder in which the created orders (HL7 messages) will be stored
Type in the location of the directory or folder in which the returned results (HL7 messages) will be stored
Type in the URL of the external facility to which the order will be sent, this will be provided by the facility
Type in the username and password provided by the facility
Type Message...
Type of columns displayed for patient search results
Type of Disclosure
Type of Events
Type of group
Type of screen layout
Type or scan the patient identifier here
Type Sodium under Name and Sodium result under description
Type the message and click Send Message 
Type the name of the drug in the Drug Search text-box
Type to search and select revenue code
Type to search.
Type Your message here
Types of Orders and Results
T{{one letter abbreviation for Tension/Pressure}}
T{{Thursday}}
T{{Tuesday}}
U2F
U2F - Cons
U2F - Pros
U2F devices are relatively costly
U2F Key Authentication error
U2F Key Verification
U2F Registration
U2F USB Device
UAC Appl
UAC Tot
UB04 FORM
UB04 FORM PDF
UB04 left margin in points
UB04 Margins
UB04 Margins Left
UB04 TEXT PDF
UB04 top margin in points
UCSMC codes provided by the University of Calgary Sports Medicine Centre
UDI (Unique Device Identifier)
UDI field is missing
UDI search failed
UDI{{Unique Device Identifier}}
Ukrainian
Ulcerations
Ulcerative Colitis
Ulcers:
Unable insert version information into database
Unable to access directory
Unable to access directory for lab npi:
Unable to access URL
Unable to complete transaction
Unable to create
Unable to create patient document subdirectory
Unable to decrypt these comments since decryption failed.
Unable to decrypt these comments since the PHP mycrypt module is not installed.
Unable to decrypt these comments since the PHP openssl module is not installed.
Unable to either create credentials or send email.
Unable to find window to build
Unable to find your records. Be sure to use your correct Dob, First and Last name and Email of record.
Unable to find your records. Be sure to use your correct Dob, First and Last name and Email of record. If you have opted out of email with none on file then leave blank.
Unable to locate the data in this file.
Unable to match this payment in ar_activity
Unable to modify application config Please give write permission to
Unable to Parse file! Verify File encoding
Unable to save file: Use back button!
Unable to save files. Use back button!
Unapplied
Unassigned
Unauthorized
Unauthorized access to ePrescription
Unauthorized access.
Unbilled
Unbilled Only
Uncategorized
Unchanged Entries verified
Uncle
under tongue
Underneath it will be some common drugs
Underneath it will be some common problems
Underweight
Undiagnosed
Undistributed
UNDISTRIBUTED
Undistributed is
Undo
Undo Checkout
Unexpected non-match, creating new patient for segment
Unique Clients
Unique human-readable identifier for this type
Unique Installation ID
Unique installation ID. Creates a random UUID if empty.
Unique New Clients
Unique numeric identifier for this type
Unique Seen Patients
Unique Seen Patients Report
Unique SP
Unit
Unit Price in Checkout and Receipt
Units
units
Units applicable to the result value
Units for Visit Forms
Units must be a number
Units not defined
Units/L
Unknown
unknown (see log)
Unknown Error
Unknown if ever smoked
Unknown or N/A
Unknown Script Error: See Browser Console for Detail
Unknown Selection
Unknown Transaction Error Maybe Subscriber Effective or DOB Dates
Unknown user id:
Unknown version
Unknown.
Unlike a message sent in Messages the dated reminder is not a part of the medical record
Unlike ordering a recognized panel as a single test and thus have all the component tests performed these three tests will be presented as three individual tests
Unlike the regular Groups that were created earlier, each Custom Favorite Group has an Identifying Code that has to be unique. As this is our custom group and not a lab recognized panel we will give it our arbitrary unique Identifying Code - CFGWWT001
Unlike the regular Procedure Order a Diagnostic Codes box is present allowing you to enter one or more ICD10 Diagnosis Codes as default diagnoses for this order
Unlike the regular Top Groups created thus far the Code column will have a value CFGWWT001
Unlike TOTP where there is no communication between the application and the device having the authenticator app each time the USB key is plugged in the application communicates with the USB key via the browser
unlink patient
Unnamed insurance company
Unregistered
Unregistered Modules
Unrelated Friend
Unselect All
Unselect all
Unselected
Unspecified
unstructured
Unstructured Documents - 2010
UNSUPPORTED database load file
Unsupported MDM OBX result type
until
until date
Until then you will continue to see payment details here.
Untimely filing
Unused
UOR
Up to
UPCOMING
Upcoming Appointments
Upcoming Events
Update
update
Update Active
Update by
Update Drug
Update files
Update From
Update Info
Update information when the patient goes to another provider, to support safety, quality, and continuity of patient care
Update List
Update Lot
Update policy number from ERA
Update Provider Number
Update Selected Items
Update Status
Update the chart to activate the Builder.
Update the chart to build this list
Update the following settings in Administration->Globals->Security
Update the following variables in file
Update User Information
Updated By
Updated Definitions
Updated Definitions List
Updated fields will be purple.
Updated!
Updates Successful
Updating Access Controls
Updating demographics is not authorized.
Updating global configuration defaults
Updating version indicators
UPGRADE
Upgrade
Upgrade ACL
Upgrade Database
Upgrade SQL
Upgrades the OpenEMR database to include Procedures, Functions and tables needed for De-identification process
Upgrading will continue
UPIN
Upload
Upload / Save
Upload a Template
Upload and Apply
Upload and Install
Upload configuration data
Upload Document
Upload failed!
Upload For
Upload Image to
Upload import file:
Upload Item
Upload Patient Education PDF to
Upload processed successfully
Upload Report
Upload Template for
Upload the xml file under the category CCR
Upload this file:
Uploaded
Upon a successful search you are presented with a list of invoices. You may click on one of the invoice numbers to open a second window, which is the data entry page for manual posting. You may also click on a patient name if you want to enter a note that the front office staff will see when the patient checks in, and you may select invoices to appear on patient statements and print those statements.
Upon clicking an invoice number the "manual posting window" appears. Here you can change the due date and notes for the invoice, select the party for whom you are posting, and select the insurances for which all expected paymants have been received.  Most importantly, for each billing code for which an amount was charged, you can enter payment and adjustment information.
Upon clicking an invoice number the 'manual posting window' appears. Here you can change the due date and notes for the invoice, select the party for whom you are posting, and select the insurances for which all expected payments have been received. Most importantly, for each billing code for which an amount was charged, you can enter payment and adjustment information.
Upon entering the page there are two buttons visible below the navigation bar
Upon logging in to openEMR a small envelope icon is visible on the top right. It shows the number of pending messages and dated reminders
Upon reaching a predetermined point, either a date or value, the rule will trigger one or more events
Upon searching you are presented with a list of invoices.  You may click on one of the invoice numbers to open a second window, which is the data entry page for manual posting.  You may also click on a patient name if you want to enter a note that the front office staff will see when the patient checks in, and you may select invoices to appear on patient statements and print those statements.
Upon selecting a list to edit the edit page with the list values will be displayed
Upon successful registration you will be taken back to the Manage Multi Factor Authentication landing page
Upper arm
Upper Lids
Urdu
Urgency
Urgent Care
Urgent Care Facility
URI
Urine
Urine Dribbling
Urine Frequency
Urine Hesitancy
Urine Microalbumin
Urine Stream
Urine Urgency
URL
URL for NewCrop eRx Site Address.
URL for OpenEMR support.
URL for Phone Gateway.
URL for Phone Gateway. Automated VOIP service provided by Maviq. Please visit http://signup.maviq.com for more information.
URL for the WordPress site that supports the portal
URL of ASSE SOAP server. Must be blank if not a Uruguay site. Enter "test" for dummy data.
URL to a support page.
URLs for NewCrop eRx Service Address, separated by a semi-colon.
Uruguay ASSE Token
Uruguay ASSE URL
Uruguay SINADI statistical report.
USA
Usage
Usage - is only required if you are submitting an electronic order to an external facility
Usage Indicator (ISA15)
Usage Tips
USB based tokens are used for Universal 2nd Factor - U2F authentication and as they are connected to a computer do not need batteries
Use % alone in a field to just sort on that column
Use 24 hour time format?
Use a pdf template from zend module
Use a unique word to identify this group, it has to be a single word, if using two words link them together with an underscore or hyphen.
Use Active Directory
Use an html template from zend module
Use Avery Labels
Use Blood or Serum as Specimen Type
Use certified EHR technology to identify patient-specific education resources and provide those resources to the patient if appropriate(New).
Use certified EHR technology to identify patient-specific education resources and provide those resources to the patient if appropriate.
Use Charges Panel
Use CPOE for medication orders directly entered by any licensed healthcare professional who can enter orders into the medical record per state, local and professional guidelines.
Use CPOE for medication orders.
Use CPOE for medication orders.(Alternative)
Use CPOE for procedure orders.
Use CPOE for radiology orders.
Use Custom Dunning Messages
Use Custom End of Day Report
Use Custom Immunization List
Use Custom Statement
Use Date Range
Use Default
Use Defaults
Use Delete Option to Remove.
Use international date style?
Use LDAP for Authentication
Use Portal Dashboard to confirm with patient.
Use RxCUI
Use RxNorm
Use servers protocol and host in urls (portal internal only).
Use source filename
Use SSL (encrypted) connection to CouchDB
Use the fee sheet to charge for services or products. 
Use the fields below for a purchase or transfer.
Use the help file on that page for further help
Use the latest versions of the following modern browsers - Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge and Opera
Use the Select User dropdown box to select the user(s) to whom the message will be sent
Use this feature only with newly installed sites, 
Use this image
Use this section to delete existing groups or Access Request Objects (AROs)
Use topics?
Use Username
Used on the login and about pages
Used to enter information that pertains to this particular claim in order to facilitate processing and submitting this claim
User
user
User 
User / Groups
User Administration
User and Facility Administration
User and Group Administration
User Cannot be Deleted
User Certificate Authentication is disabled
User Debug Error Catch
User Debugging Mode.
User Debugging Options
User Defined
User Defined Area 11
User Defined Area 12
User Defined Field
User Defined List 1
User Defined List 2
User Defined List 3
User Defined List 4
User Defined List 5
User Defined List 6
User Defined List 7
User Defined Text 1
User Defined Text 2
User Defined Text 3
User Defined Text 4
User Defined Text 5
User Defined Text 6
User Defined Text 7
User Defined Text 8
User First name
User Id
User ID
User is required to have this access control for Active Alerts and Passive Alerts
User Logon (If 03 above, else leave spaces) (ISA02)
User logon Required Indicator (ISA01~ use 00 or 03)
User Manual
User Manual Link Override
User Memberships
User Name
User Name must be at least 12 characters!
User name or Host name cannot be empty
User or Host name
User Password
User Password (ISA04~ if 01 above, else leave spaces)
User password required Indicator (ISA03~ use 00 or 01)
User Settings
User Signature
User Specific Setting
User UUID
User\'s New Password
user_notes
Userlist1
Userlist2
Userlist3
Userlist4
Userlist5
Userlist6
Userlist7
username
Username
Username for Phone Gateway.
Username for Phone Gateway. Automated VOIP service provided by Maviq. Please visit http://signup.maviq.com for more information.
Username for SMS Gateway
Username for SMS Gateway.
Username to connect to CouchDB
Username:
Users
Users is the standard windows CN, replace the DC stuff with your domain.
Users may leave it plugged in at all times thus negating its function in 2FA
Users with appropriate privileges can edit these items by clicking on the Edit button
Users/Groups/Logs Administration
Users/Groups/Logs Administration (users)
Usertext1
Usertext2
Usertext3
Usertext4
Usertext5
Usertext6
Usertext7
Usertext8
uses php <a href="http://php.net/strftime">strftime</a> format
Using 2FA
Using a fruit tree as an easier to visualize analogy will explain the concept of this hierarchy better, the trunk of the tree is the Group (Serum Chemistry), the fruit bearing branch is the actual order, Procedure Order (Serum Uric acid) and the fruit is the result, Discrete Result, also called (Serum Uric Acid) that will hold the value of the returned result. Just as the fruit is not borne on the main trunk you should not place a Discrete Result as a direct descendant or child of a Top Group. Similarly the fruit bearing branch (Procedure Order) cannot be placed as a direct descendant or child of a fruit (Discrete Result)
Using technology to improve productivity
Using the details entered into the system openEMR will generate valid HL7 v2.3 messages in 3 formats, a text file that is automatically downloaded to the downloads folder of your browser, a HL7 message that is written to a folder or directory on the server running openEMR or use SFTP - Secure File Transfer Protocol, which is a network protocol that provides file access, file transfer, and file management over a secure connection and transfer this message to a lab
Using the Feesheet
Using the main headings on the lab slip will help start this process - Organ/Disease Panels, Hematology, Individual Tests, Microbiology, Other
Using this fruit tree analogy we can get a better understanding of the steps needed to create an order for a panel of tests
Utilize at your own risk. Always verify data received
UTIs
UUID
Uyghur, Uighur
Uzbek
VABiNoc{{Binocular visual acuity}}
VABiNoc{{Binocular Visual Acuity}}
VACATION
Vacation
Vaccine
Vaccine funding program eligibility category
Vaccine Type
Vaginal Ring
Valedictory
Validate
validate
Validate and Clear
Validate and Clear validates then sets claims status only, to billed, leaving billing process unaltered and claim submission resets to unsubmitted.
Validate Log
Validate Only
Validate Only does a claim validation dry run for errors leaving claim status unaltered.
Validating
Validating Claim
Validation error: Fix and resubmit.
Validation error: Fix and resubmit. Payment values are preserved!
Validation error: Fix and resubmit. This popup info is preserved!
Validation mechanism for when modifying patient demographics.
Validation rule
Value
Value 1
Value 2
Value if comparing
Value Should be Numeric
Var1
Var2
variable to one to run de-identification upgrade script
Variation in red color discrimination between the eyes (eg. OD=100, OS=75)
Variation in white (muscle) light brightness discrimination between the eyes (eg. OD=$1.00, OS=$0.75)
Varicella 1
Varicella 2
Varicose Veins
Various text fields and drop-down boxes will be displayed
Vascular condition
Vascular injury
Vascular Surgery
Va{{Visual Acuities}}
VB{{abbreviation for Vertical Prism Base}}
VD{{abbreviation for Vertex Distance}}
Venda
Vendor
Verification Status
Verified On
Verify
Verify Contents to apply to
Verify Email
Verify your email for patient portal registration
Version
Version 1 Onsite Patient Portal Site Address
Version 2 Onsite Patient Portal Site Address
Version 2.x is widely used in the healthcare industry and openEMR uses HL7 version 2.3 
Version Number
Version/Model Number
Vert Base{{abbreviation for Vertical Prism Base}}
Vert Distance{{abbreviation for Vertex Distance}}
Vert Fissure{{vertical fissure height}}
Vert Fissure{{vertical fissure}}
Vert Fusional Amps
Vert Prism{{abbreviation for Vertical Prism Power}}
Vertex Distance
Vertical Fissure: central height between lid margins
Vertical Fusional
Vertical Menu Style
Vertical Menu Style for frame based layouts
Vertical Menu Style for Frames
Vertical Prism Base
Vertical Prism Power
Vertigo
Very difficult
Very secure
Vessels
Veteran`s Administration
Veterans Administration Plan
VFC
Vfc
VFC eligible- American Indian/Alaskan Native
VFC eligible- Uninsured
VFC eligible-Federally Qualified Health Center Patient (under-insured)
VFC eligible-Medicaid/Medicaid Managed Care
VF{{vertical fissure}}
via
via{{shipped by/supplier}}
Vietnamese
View
view
view - can only read but not add or modify
View Allergies
View an x12-835 ERA file
View Batch Claim x12 text
View Blank Referral Form
View CCD
View CCDA
View Comprehensive Patient Report
View CSV tables
View details
View document
View EDI x12 file
View encounter
View ERA x12 text
View events in a popup window?
View Facility Specific User Information
View Four Panel
View local x12 file
View Log
View Messages
View mode - only administrator can edit another administrator user
View Page 1
View Page 2
View Past and Future Reminders
View Past Encounter
View Past Encounters
View Patient
View Plan Rules
View Printable
View Printable Report
View Printable Version
View related encounters
View Report
View the README file
View the Summary Report sent to
View the Summary Report sent to Fax Server.
View the Summary Report sent via Fax Server on
View, Download, Transmit (VDT)  (Measure B)
View, Download, Transmit (VDT) (Measure A)
View/Add/Update groups
View/Add/Update groups (gadd)
View/Create/Update groups appointment in calendar
View/Create/Update groups appointment in calendar (gcalendar)
View/Edit
View/Edit Allergies
View/edit issue
View/Print
View/Print Blank Referral Form
View/Print Blank Referral Form - that can be filled by hand
View:
VISA
VISA/MC/AMEX/Dis
VISA/MC/Discovery/HSA
Visceral damage/trauma/surgery
VisForm
Vision
Visit
Visit Attributes
Visit Categories
Visit Category
Visit Category:
Visit Date
Visit date
Visit Details
Visit Form Attributes
Visit form ID must start with LBF. Transaction form ID must start with LBT.
Visit Forms
Visit Forum
Visit History
Visit Patient Home Page
Visit Provider Home Page
Visit Reason
Visit Status
Visit Summary
Visit Test Server
Visit Type
Visited Patients
Visits
Visits by Item Report
Visits From
Visual Acuities
Visual Acuity
Visual Fields
Visualize this as not making a fruit hang off another fruit. Instead it should hang off the fruit bearing branch
Vital Signs
Vitals
Vitals (Metric)
Vitals Form Options
Vitreous
Voice
Voice Messages
Voice Sent
Voice your opinion
Void
Void All Checkouts
Void All Checkouts and Re-Open
Void Charge
Void Checkout and Re-Open
Void Dialog
Void Last Checkout
Void Notes
Void Reason
Void/Credit
Volapuk
Volapük
Vomiting
Voucher Number
VP{{abbreviation for Vertical Prism Power}}
V{{One letter abbrevation for Vision}}
W
W Rx{{Acuity with correction}}
W2W{{white-to-white}}
Waist Circ
Waist Circumference
Waiting
Walk-In
Walk-in Retail Health Clinic
Walloon
Walt Pennington
Ward of court
Warehouse
Warehouse changed
Warehouse Details
Warehouse maximum, 0 if not applicable
Warehouse minimum, 0 if not applicable
Warehouses
Warm
Warn and prevent web browser refresh
Warn, but do not prevent web browser refresh
Warning
WARNING
WARNING - FOLLOWING ACTIVE MEDICATIONS ARE ALLERGIES
Warning, Check Number already exist in the database
Warning, patient has ambiguous codes in the problems list!
Warning: A visit was already created for this patient today!
Warning: Contraception for a patient under 10 or over 50.
Warning: Contraception for a patient under 10 or over 65.
Warning: Contraceptive method is not compatible with a male patient.
WARNING: If you are using the 2012-10-31 Spanish version, then note you need to unzip it once before placing it in the contrib/snomed (this is because the released file was \"double-zipped\").
Warning: Most lots should have an expiration date. Continue anyway?
Warning: Navigation error. Please refresh this page.
Warning: Patient ID is not unique!
Warning: Source and target facilities differ. Continue anyway?
Warning: There is no product matching the contraceptive service.
Warning: There is no service matching the contraceptive product.
WARNING: This will overwrite configuration information with data from the uploaded file!
WARNINGS
Warnings
WARNINGS and Alerts/Reminders
was already uploaded
was not found
We appreciate prompt payment of balances due
We appreciate prompt payment of balances due.
We are going to create the test that can be ordered called Serum Uric Acid
We are sorry you are having troubles with your account.
we have seen your above patient for evaluation and treatment at our outpatient psychiatry clinic. Thank you for this referral.
We ran into some problems connecting your EHR to the MedEx servers
We received a credentials reset request. The link to reset your credentials is below.
We received a patient registration email verification request from this email address at
We received a patient registration email verification request. The link to verify your email is below.
We were unable to create an account.
We will be basing the Electrolyte panel off the main trunk or Group (Serum Chemistry)
We will be creating an order for three tests Blood Glucose, TSH and Vitamin D and group it in a custom group called Well Woman Tests and create a place to manually enter the returned results
We will go through the process of setting up the order for a single blood test - Serum Uric Acid
We will now create the order, or Procedure Order, called Electrolyte Panel that can be visualized as the fruit bearing branch in our hypothetical fruit tree
We will set up the order for the Electrolyte panel that consists of Serum Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and Carbon Dioxide
We will start with the most basic unit of the Procedure Orders module, to set up a single lab test order and the ability to manually record the returned result
We will use a Discrete Result for each test to hold the returned result values
We will use this branch to hold all the 9 panels, here we will be just creating the order representing one panel, the Electrolyte Panel
Weakness
Wear RX
Web based methods
Web based methods use Authentication-as-a-service and deliver OTP without need for tokens
Web Reference
Web Search
Web Service
Website
Website link for the Onsite Patient Portal.
Website link for the Patient Portal.
Website link for the Version 1 Onsite Patient Portal.
Website link for the Version 2 Onsite Patient Portal.
Wed
Wednesday
Week
week
Week View
Week(s)
Weekly Exposures
weeks
Weeks
Weight
Weight Assessment and Counseling for Children and Adolescents
Weight Assessment and Counseling for Children and Adolescents (CQM)
Weight Change
Weight Loss
Weight loss clinic
Welcome
Welcome to OpenEMR
Welsh
Weno Account Clinic ID information missing
Weno Account ID information missing
Weno Admin
Weno Encryption Key
Weno eRx
Weno eRx Account Id
Weno eRx Account Pass
Weno eRx Clinic ID
Weno ID
Weno Provider Account Password
Weno Provider ID
Weno Sample Code
Weno Service is Enabled
Western Frisian
We{{Wednesday}}
What constitutes the order and what is its electronic format, how is it sent, how is the result received, if the system will only receive results or send orders and receive results, what labs you will be connecting to and what needs to happen at the other end, whether or not a third party will be involved in this transaction
What is to be counted?
What kind of sorting will be in the drop lists.
Wheezes:
Wheezing
Wheezing:
When a new user is created, access control is granted by the administrator or by a user with similar privileges by selecting which groups (AROs) a user can belong to.
When and how often?
When Checked, Demographics Will Open in New Window from Patient Flow Board.
When Checked, Last Staff to Update Board Will Show in Patient Flow Board.
When checked, messages are processed for patients with Patient Demographic Choice: "Hipaa Notice Received" set to "Unassigned" or "Yes". When unchecked, this choice must = "YES" to process the patient reminder. For patients with Choice ="No", Reminders will need to be processed manually.
When Checked, Patient Encounter Number Will Show in Patient Flow Board.
When Checked, Patient ID Will Show in Patient Flow Board.
When Checked, Visit Reason Will Show in Patient Flow Board.
When dealing with protected health information (PHI) and personally identifying information (PII) it is important to allow only authorized users access to the data
When done, click Submit (below) to apply your choices.
When such an order is placed the returned results will contains the values for all components of CBC, Comprehensive Metabolic Panel and TSH
When the generated report is displayed in a separate tab there is an option that lets you view a Printable Version that can be printed
When the key is first registered it generates a random number, which is called a nonce
When the user initially visits this page the following message will be visible
When to follow up
When you are ready to run phiMail in production mode. Turn on this flag.
When you place an order you can search for Well Woman Tests under favorites and select it to automatically order Blood Glucose, TSH and Vitamin D with a single click
Where may related scanned or paper documents be found?
Where on your body does it occur?
Whether Insured
which days are your weekend days?
Which notes are to be displayed in the Billing Screen
While forwarding a dated reminder the old message is displayed, it can be overwritten
While it is intuitive to think of this module as the place where lab tests and imaging studies can be ordered and reviewed this module can also be used to track other procedures performed in office
While lab tests and radiological tests can be performed in the practice facility they are generally done at an external facility and the provider details for that entity will have to be entered in openEMR before the Procedure module setup can begin
Whiplash
White
White list
White-to-white
Who
Who replied?
Whose Online
Widowed
Width
Width in pixels of the left navigation frame in frame based layout.
Width in pixels of the left navigation frame.
Will add another dropdown menu in the CPT line to let you select a provider for that line item
will be hidden if
will have the following validation rules
With checked items plot
with import
with preferred language
With selected
With selected:
with the old name
With the U2F key you will need to plug it in to the USB port and then access OpenEMR using the latest versions of the following modern browsers - Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge and Opera and pressing the button on the device
with value
With whom may we leave a message?
Withheld
within hours
within hours:
within minutes
within minutes:
Without Facility
Without Provider
Without Update
Witness
wk
WNL
Wolof
Women
Women Only
WordPress Portal
Work
WORK NOTE
Work Phone
Work Phone Number
Work related?
Work/ Education/ Hobbies
Work/School Note
workday
Worker`s Compensation
Workers Compensation Health Plan
Working
Working Aged Beneficiary or Spouse with Employer Group Health Plan
Working on request.
Working!
Working... this may take a minute.
Worrying
Worrying too much about different things
Worse
Would you like the balance amount to apply to Global Account?
Would You Like them to be Marked as Cleared.
Would you like to Allocate?
Would you like to Cancel Distribution for this Patient?
Would you like to Delete Payment Distribution?
Would you like to Delete Payments?
Would you like to Modify and Finish Payments?
Would you like to Modify Payments?
Would you like to Post and Finish Payments?
Would you like to Post Payments?
Would you like to save?
Wrist
Wrist and hand
Wrist Problems
write
write - can read and fully modify
write off
Write Once
wsome
wsome - can read and partially modify
WSXGA+
WT
W{{Current Rx - wearing}}
W{{Wednesday}}
x Canceled
x Cancelled
X(T){{intermittent exophoria}}
X-12 Generated Successfully
X-12 Partner
X-ray
X-RAY Interpretation:
X-Ray Interpretation:
X12 only ICN resubmission No.
X12 only replacement claim:
X12 only: Replacement Claim
X12 only: Replacement Claim 
X12 only: Replacement Claim, X12 only ICN resubmission No is used for electronic resubmission of claims. Requirement varies by insurer
X12 OPTIONS
X12 Partner
X12 Partners
x12 Segments
x12 Text
Xhosa
XHR Failed:
XML
XT{{exotropia}}
X{{exophoria}}
Y
year
Year
Year View
Year(s)
Years
years ago
Years or months
Years, months and days
Yes
YES
yes
YES!
Yes, Delete and Log
Yes, Delete this form
Yes/No
Yes:
Yiddish
Yoruba
You are about to delete a template
You are about to delete template
You are about to delete the following form from this encounter
You are about to permanently replace the existing template. Are you sure you wish to continue?
You are currently logged in as
You are currently not signed in.
You are in Grace Login period. Change your password before
You are not allowed to delete this event
You are not allowed to edit this event
You are not authorized for this.
You are not authorized to access this squad
You are not authorized to access this squad.
You are not authorized to add/edit issues
You are not authorized to schedule appointments.
You are not authorized to see this encounter.
You are not authorized!
You are posting against an old encounter?
You are sending to yourself!
You are using patient validation module
You can add multiple patients to the list
You can add multiple users by selecting them one at a time
You can also add an Issue from this page by clicking on the Add Issue button to bring up the Add issue pop-up page
You can change the type or leave it as it is
You can click on the envelope icon to access the messaging center
You can click on the patient name to quickly access the patient's chart
You can click on the Select All button to choose all authorized users
You can close the edit box by clicking on the 'slashed eye' icon next to the group's name.
You can delete the recall by clicking on the X button on the top right corner of the cell
You can download the Loinc Universal LabOrders ValueSet.csv file from here
You can edit the title if you so choose
You can enter data into all 5 categories from this page
You can link the allergy to one or more encounters if appropriate
You can link the medication to one or more encounters if appropriate
You can not access this function directly.
You can not change status to 'Arrive' before the appointment's time
You can only add to the existing message and cannot edit previously entered data
You can only place an order for Electrolyte Panel and have the entire panel tested and have their results returned
You can only select
You can search for and select the codes by clicking once on each line containing the code
You can sort the pending messages in ascending or descending order by clicking on the arrowhead in each cell of the table header
You can then proceed to link the newly added issue to encounters
You can upload content and label them by ICD10 code enable you to search and download the selected material
You can use LOINC codes for the Standard Codes
You can use the above method to create orders for the rest of the Organ/Disease Panels except for the General Health Panel that consists of CBC, Comprehensive Metabolic Panel and TSH and the Obstetric Panel that has CBC as one of its components
You can use the codes given on the paper lab slip of a local lab of major lab as the Identifying codes
You cannot access this page directly.
You cannot add a blank value for a category!
You cannot add a blank value for a subcategory!
You cannot add a blank value for an item!
You cannot edit the already chosen lab, if sending to different lab delete entry and create a new one
You cannot enter a future date with a completed value of YES.
You could manually edit this date should you choose to or an entirely different date
You did not choose any actions.
You do not have access to view/edit this note
You have
You have an invoice due for payment in your Patient Documents. There you may pay, download or print the invoice. Thank you.
You have attempted to alter content which is locked. Remove the lock if you want to do this. To unlock, remove the line, '/*lock::*/'
You have been signed out. Thank you.
You have been successfully logged out.
You have chosen to be self insured or currently do not have insurance. Click next to continue registration.
You have finished the assessment.
You have not entered any clinical services or products. Click Cancel to add them. Or click OK if you want to save as-is.
You have now successfully completed an order for a single lab test
You have selected to delete
You have to have an understanding how the program is structured and the ability and willingness to modify the underlying code.
You have unsaved changes.
You have unsaved changes. Abandon them?
You have unsaved changes. Do you really want to close this form?
You may be required to change your password during first login.
You may only upload .txt files
You may optionally upload HL7 results from a file
You may put text here as the default complaint in the New Patient Encounter form.
You may send Message with Image or Video
You may still use formatting if template is also used in Nation Notes however, pure text will still render here.
You may type in a name of the person referring or leave blank
You may want to try returning to the the previous page and verifying that all fields have been filled out correctly.
You must activate Weno first! Go to Administration, Globals, Connectors
You must add a patient to the list before hitting ok
You must agree to the HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
You must agree to the Terms & Conditions before signing up
You must confirm this Username.
You must enter a new or reenter current password to keep it. Even for Username change.
You must enter a pass phrase to encrypt the document
You must enter a reason to cancel this appointment?
You must enter your own password to change user passwords. Leave blank to keep password unchanged.
You must first select an item in the section whose radio button is checked.
You must first select or add a patient or therapy group.
You must first select or add a patient.
You must first select or create an encounter.
You must provide a patient name or id to add to the list
You must select a visit category
You must select a visit category.
You must select some fields to continue.
You need administrator privileges to add more options
You need administrator privileges to disable the default Recall Board
You need administrator privileges to enable the MedEx Communication Service
You need administrator privileges to give access to other groups
You need administrator privileges to increase the number of reminders to show
You need administrator privileges to perform the changes to the values in the drop-down boxes.
You need administrator privileges to perform the setup
You need administrator privileges to perform this action
You need to go back and and create a provider
You should be running this test if this claim appeared to generate successfully but the actual claim file does not contain any data or only an unfinished portion of the amount of data it is supposed to contain. It is obvious with HCFA claims because they are human readable, with X12 claims it is a more difficult process to determine if the claim is properly complete.
You should not make Discrete Result for Potassium be a descendant of a preceding Discrete Result i.e Sodium , i.e have a Tier value of 5
You should select at least one context
You should select at least one Provider
You will be automatically redirected to Demographics. You may make the necessary corrections and navigate to NewCrop again.
You will be notified when the payment transaction is confirmed.
You will be notified when your payment is applied for this invoice.
You will need Administrator privileges to edit this form
You will need Administrator privileges to enable the patient portal
You will need Administrator Privileges to install the ICD10 code set
You will need Administrator privileges to setup phiMail Direct Messaging
You will need Administrator privileges to setup the NewCrop service and has to be setup in conjunction with technical support from the NewCrop eRx service
Your account has been successfully created however, we were unable to send the account information.
Your browser does not support HTML5 audio
Your Clinical Report
Your credentials are provided by your provider
Your current log on session will expire in 30 seconds.
Your current TOTP key QR code is displayed below.
Your Document History
your email address
Your email has been verified. Click Next.
Your email verification link has expired. Reset and try again.
Your end date is invalid
Your event has been deleted.
Your event has been modified.
Your event has been submitted.
Your file doesn\'t have an extension
Your file is too large
Your first day of the week.
Your Id is missing. Cancel and try again.
Your installation of OpenEMR has been registered
Your JWKS is invalid
Your Lab Results
Your list name has been changed to meet naming requirements.
Your message was submitted for delivery to
Your name for this category, procedure or result
Your new credentials have been sent. Check your email inbox and also possibly your spam folder. Once you log into your patient portal feel free to make an appointment or send us a secure message. We look forward to seeing you soon.
your next appointment at
Your on file email address
Your one time credential reset link has expired. Reset and try again.
Your Password
Your Password Expired. Please change your password.
Your Password Expires on
Your password expires today. Please change your password now.
Your Password Expires today. Please change your password.
Your password is your signature
Your Portal Login Web Address. Bookmark for future logins.
Your PostCalendar configuration has been reset to use defaults.
Your PostCalendar configuration has been updated.
Your repeating frequency must be an integer.
Your repeating frequency must be at least 1.
Your safe key is
Your start date is greater than your end date
Your start date is invalid
Your submission failed.
Your weekend days
Yubikey also sells more expensive U2F keys designed to work with mobile devices
yyyy-mm-dd
YYYY-MM-DD
yyyy-mm-dd date associated with this document
yyyy-mm-dd date destroyed
yyyy-mm-dd date of birth
yyyy-mm-dd Date of Birth
yyyy-mm-dd date of expiration
yyyy-mm-dd Date of onset or hospitalization
yyyy-mm-dd date of onset, surgery or start of medication
yyyy-mm-dd date of purchase or transfer
yyyy-mm-dd date of recovery or end of medication
yyyy-mm-dd Date of return to play
yyyy-mm-dd Date of service
yyyy-mm-dd date of this letter
yyyy-mm-dd date returned to play
yyyy-mm-dd document date
yyyy-mm-dd End Date
yyyy-mm-dd event date or starting date
yyyy-mm-dd H:m End Date
yyyy-mm-dd H:m End date
yyyy-mm-dd H:m Start Date
yyyy-mm-dd H:m Start date
yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss
yyyy-mm-dd Hours(24):minutes
yyyy-mm-dd last date of this event
yyyy-mm-dd Start Date
yyyy-mm-dd starting date for search
ZEF segment internal error
Zend Module
Zend Module check in addition to standard check
Zero
Zero length attachment
Zero Stock Days
Zhuang, Chuang
Zip
Zip Code
ZIP Code
Zip Code Missing
Zip/Country:
Zoom
Zoom in
Zoom out
Zoom: click-drag, Pan: shift-click-drag, Restore: double-click
Zulu
 but was 
 could not be accessed.
 Do you really want to delete
 Drug
 emails not sent
 from
 has been created. 
 has been re-opened.
 History
 is not a number
 is ready for re-billing.
 LLL:
 Lot
 Medicaid Original Reference No. 
 min
 not found!
 Pecularities in many browsers may mean that the output below enters your screen in sudden jerks and that there are long pauses of several seconds where it  appears as though things may have crashed. That is not the case, you will eventually see output coming out line by line. There may be sequential numbers appearing  below, this is to indicate that even though nothing else may be displaying there is activity going on. These numbers will be interspersed with the content of the  billing and that is normal.
 prescription has reached its limit of
 until 
 update failed, not in database?
 was marked as billed only.
 was queued successfully.
! Left w/o visit
" for code 
" is CHECKED in PostCalendar Settings!
# Ins/fin issue
# of tablets:
$
$ Coding done
$label (yyyy-mm-dd): 
%
% Canceled < 24h
% Cancelled <  24h 
' should exist but does not.
(% matches any string, _ matches any character)
([ctrl] + click to select multiple recipients)
(Back)
(Click to edit)
(Email delivery is immediate, while automated VOIP is sent to the service provider for further processing.)
(More)
(New Patient)
(Notes and Authorizations)
(Patient Notes)
(Select one of these, or type your own title)
(Shift-)Click or drag to change value
* Reminder done
** Please move surgeries to Issues!
*Required
+ Chart pulled
+1
+2
+3
- None
- Not Reported
-- All --
--Select Role--
.
0
0-10
0-24
02/12{{CMS 1500 format date revision setting in globals}}
08/05{{CMS 1500 format date revision setting in globals}}
1
1 = North America. See http://www.wtng.info/ for a list of other country codes.
1 Day From Now
1 Month From Now
1 Week From Now
1 Year From Now
1.Rest 2. Ice for two days 3. Compression, leave the dressing in place unless the foot develops numbness or pale color 4. Elevate the foot and leg
11-14
12 hr
15-19
1mm
1st
1st{{nth}}
2
2 Days From Now
2 Months From Now
2 Weeks From Now
2 Years From Now
2-20 years
20-24
2011 Automated Measure Calculations (AMC)
2011 Clinical Quality Measures (CQM)
2011 Official Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) Measure Groups
2014 Automated Measure Calculations (AMC)
2014 Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - Stage I
2014 Automated Measure Calculations (AMC) - Stage II
2014 Clinical Quality Measures (CQM)
2014 Official Clinical Quality Measures (CQM) Measure Groups
2111-13
24 hr
25+
25-29
271 Returned
2mm
2nd
2nd{{every}}
2nd{{nth}}
3 Days From Now
3 months
3 Months From Now
3 times daily
3 Weeks From Now
30-34
35-39
3mm
3rd
3rd{{every}}
3rd{{nth}}
4 Days From Now
4 months
4 Months From Now
4 times daily
4 Weeks From Now
40-44
45+
465.9, URI
466.0, Bronchitis, Acute NOS
486.0, Pneumonia, Acute
491.21, COPD Exacerbation
491.8, Bronchitis, Chronic
493.92, Asthma, Acute Exac.
496.0, COPD
4K UHD
4mm
4th
4th{{every}}
4th{{nth}}
5 Days From Now
5 Months From Now
5 Weeks From Now
519.7, Bronchospasm
5mm
5th
5th{{every}}
6 Days From Now
6 months
6 Months From Now
6 Weeks From Now
6th
6th{{every}}
7 Months From Now
8 Months From Now
8-12 characters long, including at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter, one number, one special character and no common strings
824.0 Fracture, medial malleolus, closed
824.2 Fracture, lateral malleolus, closed
824.6 Fracture, Trimalleolar, closed
825.32 Fracture, of Navicular (ankle)
825.35 Fracture, Base of fifth (5th) Metatarsal
845.00 ankle sprain NOS
845.01 Sprain Medial (Deltoid) Lig.
845.02 Sprain, Calcaneal fibular
9 Months From Now
99212 Established - Uncomplicated
99213 Established - Low Complexity
< In exam room
< Not Reported
= Took Place
> 3 HPI elements
> Checked out
> Did Not Take Place
?
? Did Not Attend
? No show
@ Arrived
@ Attended
[Change View]
[Date of Last Encounter]
[Days Since Last Encounter]
[EOBs]
[Export OFX]
[not recommended]
[Number Of Encounters]
[Reports]
[Select All]
[SQL-Ledger]
[Start Batch Processing]
[View Log]
[View Printable Report]
^ Pending
_PC_DUR_HOURS
_PC_DUR_MINUTES
_PC_LOCALE
~ Arrived late
~ Late Arrival
