This API is Copyright OEMR 501c3
Licensed under GPL-V3
Contributed by Master Mobil Products, LLC
karl@medmastermobile.com
dennis@medmastermobile.com


OpenEMR API structure:
1.API Input:
With every API call we need user to send authentication token, Which will be verified with the token generated at the time of login.
When user performs the login API call his credentials are matched with the stored information and a token for that user is generated and updated in “api_tokens” table.
Other parameters required by a certain API call are supposed to be sent as POST parameters.

2.API Output:
Every API call response consists of data in XML format.
In response data there will always be status tag that indicates if API call has been processed successfully or not.
There will always be a message tag that will contain the description of the status code being returned in the status tag of the response.


List of OpenEMR API Files
1.addappointment.php
  This API is used to schedule an appointment (Add an Appointment)
2.addcontactgeneral.php
  This API add contact for user with contact image.
3.addfacility.php
  This API used to add facilities.
4.addinsurancecompany.php
  This API add new Insurance Companies.
5.addlist.php
  This API add medication, Allergy, Medical problem, Dental, Surgery of a patient associated with/without visit.
6.addlocation.php
  This API Add a location for already added facility.
7.addpatient.php
  This API add new patient we can also save an image of patient when adding new patient. All insurance information (Primary, Secondary and Other Insurance) is also   saved in this API.
8.addpatientdocument.php
  We can add all types of document related to patient in this API.
9.addpatientdocumentwithlink.php
  This API is also used to add patient documents but here a document is added via link.
10.addpatientimage.php
  This API is used to save patient image on server.
11.addprescription.php
  This API is used to add prescription associated with patient.
12.addresource.php
  This API is used to add resources(Link, Image, Pdf, Video) for user.
13.addresourcewithlink.php
  This API is also used to save resources but with link provided by user.
14.addreviewofsystems.php
  This API is used to add ROS related to a patient visit.
15.addroschecks.php
  This service is used to add ROS checks to a patient visit.
16.addsoap.php
  This service is used to add SOAPs to a patient visit.
17.addvisit.php
  This API is used to add Visits for patient.
18.addvisitvitals.php
  This API add vitals against patient visit.
19.deleteappointment
  This API removes a scheduled appointment.
20.deletecontactgeneral.php
  This API removes contacts from users contact list.
21.deletepatientdocument.php
  This appointment removes patient documents.
22.deleteprescription.php
  This API removes patient existing prescriptions.
23.deleteresource.php
  This API removes patient resources.
24.deletesoap.php
  This API removes patient SOAP.
25.deletevisit.php
  This API removes patient visit.
26.forgetpassword.php
  This API rest user password, pin and send them through email.
27.login.php
  This API checks user credentials also returns dashboard information.
28.loginwithpin.php
  This API login user with his pin.
29.register.php
  This service is used for signup user for both iOS application and OPENEMR.
30.report_appointments.php
  This API generates all user (provider) appointments reports, html(sha1 converted) and there pdf file (sha1 converted).
31.report_appt_visits.php
  This API generates all appointments plus all visits for user(provider) report there html(sha1 converted) and there pdf file (sha1 converted).
32.report_visits.php
  This API generates all visits reports for user(provider), html(sha1 converted) and there pdf file (sha1 converted).
33.resetpasswordpin.php
  This API used to reset password /pin.
34.searchappointments.new.php
  This API is used to search appointments with different parameters.
35.searchdiagnosiscode.php
  This Service is used to find diagnosis code.
36.searchdrug.php
  This API used to search drugs.
37.searchpatient.php
  This service is used to search patient with his firstname and lastname.
38.searchrx.php
  This API used to search prescription and can applying different filters on it.
39.sendmessage.php
  This API is used to send message about patient to different user.
40.updateappointment.php
  This API updates information in existing scheduled appointments.
41.updatecontactgeneral.php
  This API updates information of user contacts it can also updates contact image.
42.updatefacility.php
  This API update facility information.
43.updateinsurancecompany.php
  With this API we update insurance company information.
44.updatelist.php
  This API updates user medication, Allergy, Medical problem, Dental, Surgery information.
45.updatelocation.php
  This API Updates location information for already added facility.
46.updatenotificationbadge.php
  This API updates count for push notification against token.
47.updatepatient.php
  This API updates patient information along with patient image.
48.updatepatientdocument.php
  This API updates patient documents.
49.updatepatientnotes.php
  This API updates notes for patient.
50.updateprescription.php
  This API update patient prescription data.
51.updateprofileimage
  This API used to update patient profile image.
52.updatereviewofsystems.php
  This API updates patient ROS information.
53.updateroschecks.php
  This API updates patient ROS checks information.
54.updatesoap.php
  This API updates patient SOAP information.
55.updatevisit.php
  This API updates patient visit information.
56.updatevisitvitals.php
  This API updates patient visit vital information.
57.visitsummery.php
  This API is used to get Summery(number of Soaps + latestSoap, number of ROS + latest ROS, number of ROS checks + latest ROS checks, number of vitals + latest vital)   of any visit.
58.addfeesheet.php
  This API is use for add fee sheet items and preparing bills of patient.
59.deletefeesheet.php
  This API is use to delete fee sheet item.
60.addCheckout.php
  This API is use for add patient checkout information for billing (billed amount, Discount, payment methods and payment information).
61.addpayment.php
  This API is use for add batch payments of patient.
62.updatefeesheet.php
  This API is use to update fee sheet items.
63.getallpatients.php
  This API is use to get list and details of All patients.
64.getappointments.php
  This API is use to get list of all scheduled appointments.
65.getcontact.php
  This API is use to specific contact information.
66.getcontactgeneral.php
  This API is use to get List and details of contacts.
67.getdailyschedule.php
  This API is use to get daily schedule.
68.getfacility.php
  This API is use get the Information of facility.
69.getfeesheet.php
  This API is use to retrieve the patient stored fee items.
70.getfeesheetoptions.php
  This API is use for get Patient information (New, Established) and feesheet Items for add fee sheet.
71.getinsurancecompanies.php
  This API is use for get details of available insurance companies.
72.getinsurancecompany.php
  This API is use for get details of specific insurance company.
73.getlist.php
  This API is use for get problem list like (allergies, surgeries, and dentals etc).
74.getlistbyvisitid.php
  This API is use for get problem list like (allergies, surgeries, and dentals etc) for specific visit.
75.getlocations.php
  This API is use for get list and details of locations for the facility.
76.getlocation.php
  This API is use for get details of the location.
77.getmessages.php
  This API is use to get list and details of messages.
78.getonotes.php
  This API is Copyright OEMR 501c3
79.getpatientdocuments.php
  This API is use to get list and details of documents for patient.
80.getpatientrecord.php
  This API is use to get details (demographics, medical problems, dentals, medication, allergies, surgeries, and vitals) of a patient.
81.getprescription.php
  This API is use to get prescription of a patient.
82.getproviders.php
  This API is use to get list and details of providers.
83.getresources.php
  This API is use to get list of resources for a user.
84.getreviewofsystems.php
  This API is use to get list and details of review of systems of a patient for a visit.
85.getreviewofsystemsbyid.php
  This API is use to get list and details of review of systems of a patient.
86.getreviewofsystemssummary.php
  This API is use to get summary of review of systems of a patient.
87.getroschecks.php
  This API is use to get list and details of ROS checks of a patient for a visit.
88.getroschecksbyid.php
  This API is use to get list and details of ROS checks of a patient.
89.getroscheckssummary.php
  This API is use to get summary of ROS checks of a patient.
90.getsendmessages.php
  This API is use to get list and details of send messages.
91.getsoap.php
  This API is use to get SOAP list of a patient for a visit.
92.getsoaplist.php
  This API is use to get list and details of SOAP of a patient.
93.getstatsoptions.php
  This API is use to get list and details of stats (language, race and ethnicity).
95.getuserlist.php
  This API is use to get list and details of system users.
96.getvisits.php
  This API is use to get list and details of visits of a patients.
97.getvitals.php
  This API is use to get vitals of patient for a visit.





