Uniform Data System 
2025 MANUAL 

Health Center Data Reporting Requirements 

Cover of the “Uniform Data System 2025 Manual” for Health Center Data Reporting Requirements. The top section has a blue header with the title and subtitle. Below it, a series of hexagonal images illustrate different healthcare scenarios, including a patient in a wheelchair receiving assistance, a doctor examining a patient, a person using a tablet for telehealth, and a professional conducting an eye exam. Another image shows a clinician reviewing electronic health records. The HRSA Health Center Program logo is in the bottom right corner, and the note “For Reports Due February 15, 2026” appears at the bottom.
HRSA Health Center Program logo
~ 
Health Center Program 
For Reports Due February 15, 2026 


Bureau of Primary Health Care 

Uniform Data System 
Reporting Requirements for 
2025 Health Center Data 

PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT 

The Uniform Data System (U D S) provides consistent information about health centers including patient characteristics, services provided, clinical processes and health outcomes, patients’ use of services, costs, and revenues. It is the source of unduplicated data for the entire scope of services included in the grant or designation for the calendar year. An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid Office of Management and Budget (O M B) control number. The OMB control number for this project is 0915-0193 and it is valid until 04/30/2026. This information collection is mandatory under the Health Center Program authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (P H S) Act (
United States government Information webpage on Content Details of 42 U.S.C. 254b - Health centers
). Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 238 hours per response, including the time for 
reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden 
estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to the Health Resources and Services 
Administration (HRSA) Reports Clearance Officer, 5600 Fishers Lane, Room 14N136B, Rockville, Maryland, 20857 or Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Reports Clearance Officer email address
. 

DISCLAIMER 

“This publication lists non-federal resources to provide additional information to consumers. Neither the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (H H S) nor the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) has formally approved the non-federal resources in this manual. Listing these is not an endorsement by HHS or HRSA.” 

Uniform Data System Reporting 
Requirements 

For Calendar Year 2025 UDS Data 

For help contact: 866-837-4357 (866-UDS-HELP), BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
, HRSA - Health Center Program webpage on Uniform Data System (UDS) Training and Technical Assistance
, or E-mail address of UDS Support Center 


Health Resources and Services Administration 

Bureau of Primary Health Care 

5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, Maryland 20857 


UDS SUPPORT CENTER, 866-UDS-HELP, E-mail address of UDS Support Center 
, BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.


2025 Uniform Data System Manual Contents 

2025 Uniform Data System Manual Contents : Page 4
Changes and Highlights to the Reporting Requirements : Page 9 
Introduction : Page 10 
About the UDS : Page 10 
What This Manual Includes : Page 10
General Instructions : Page 11
What to Submit : Page 11
What Is Included : Page 11
Calendar Year Reporting : Page 12
In-Scope Reporting : Page 13
Due Dates and Revisions to Reports : Page 13 
How and Where to Submit Data : Page 13
F A Q for the General Instructions : Page 15 
Instructions for Tables That Report : Page 17
Visits, Patients, and Providers : Page 17
Countable Visits : Page 17 
Documentation : Page 17 
Independent Professional Judgment : Page 18 
Behavioral Health Group Visits : Page 18 
Location of Services Provided : Page 18
Counting Multiple Visits by Category of Service : Page 19 
Patient : Page 19
Services and Individuals NOT Reported on the UDS Report : Page 20 
Provider : Page 21 
FAQ for the Instructions for Tables : Page 22 
Instructions for Patients by ZIP Code Table : Page 23 
Patients by ZIP Code : Page 23
ZIP Code of Specific Groups : Page 23 
Unknown ZIP Code : Page 24
Ten or Fewer Patients in ZIP Code : Page 24
Instructions for Patients by Medical Insurance : Page 24
Insurance Categories : Page 24 
FAQ for Patients by ZIP Code Table : Page 25 
Patients by ZIP Code Table : Page 27
Instructions for Tables 3A and 3B : Page 28
Table 3A: Patients by Age and by Sex – Instructions : Page 28 
Table 3B: Demographic Characteristics – Instructions : Page 29 
Patients by Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Ethnicity and Race (Lines 1–8) : Page 29
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Ethnicity : Page 29 
Race : Page 31
Patients Best Served in a Language Other than English (Line 12) : Page 32
FAQ for Tables 3A and 3B : Page 32 
Table 3A: Patients by Age and by Sex : Page 35
Table 3B: Demographic Characteristics : Page 36
Instructions for Table 4: Selected Patient Characteristics : Page 38
Income as a Percentage of Poverty Guideline, Lines 1–6 : Page 38
Primary Third-Party Medical Insurance, Lines 7–12 : Page 38 
None/Uninsured (Line 7) : Page 39 
Medicaid (Line 8a) : Page 39 
C H I P Medicaid (Line 8b) : Page 40
Medicare (Line 9) : Page 40
Dually Eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) (Line 9a) : Page 40
Other Public Insurance (Non-CHIP) (Line 10a) : Page 40 
Other Public Insurance CHIP (Line 10b) : Page 41 
Private Insurance (Line 11) : Page 41 
Managed Care Utilization, Lines 13a–13c : Page 41 
Member Months : Page 42 
Special Medically Underserved Populations, Lines 14–26 : Page 43
Total Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers and Their Family Members, Lines 14– 16 : Page 43

Total Homeless Population, Lines 17–23 : Page 44 
Total School-Based Service Site Patients, Line 24 : Page 46 
Total Veterans, Line 25 : Page 46 
Total Residents of Public Housing, Line 26 : Page 47 
FAQ for Table 4 : Page 47 
Table 4: Selected Patient Characteristics : Page 51
Table 4: Selected Patient Characteristics (continued) : Page 52
Instructions for Table 5: Staffing and Utilization : Page 53 
Table 5: Staffing and Utilization : Page 53 
Personnel F T Es, Column A : Page 53
Identifying Employment Type and Calculating FTEs : Page 54 
Reporting FTEs on the Appropriate Line on Table 5 : Page 54
Personnel by Major Service Category : Page 55 
Visits, Columns B and B2 : Page 62 
Clinic Visits, Column B : Page 62 
Virtual Visits, Column B2 : Page 62
Visits Purchased from Non-Personnel Providers on a Fee-For-Service Basis : Page 63
Visit Considerations by Personnel Line : Page 64
DO NOT Report Visits or Patients for Services Provided by the Following: : Page 66 
Patients, Column C : Page 66
Selected Service Detail Addendum – Instructions : Page 67 
Providers, Column A1 : Page 68
Clinic Visits, Column B : Page 68 
Virtual Visits, Column B2 : Page 68
Patients, Column C : Page 68
FAQ for Table 5 and Selected Service Detail Addendum : Page 68 
Table 5: Staffing and Utilization : Page 73 
Table 5: Staffing and Utilization (continued) : Page 74 
Table 5: Selected Service Detail Addendum : Page 75 
Instructions for Table 6A: Selected Diagnoses and Services Rendered : Page 76 
Selected Diagnoses, Lines 1–20f : Page 76 
Selected Diagnoses Visits and Patients, Columns A and B : Page 76 
Selected Tests/Screenings, Lines 21–26e : Page 77
Selected Tests/Screenings Visits and Patients, Columns A and B : Page 77 
Dental Services, Lines 27–34 : Page 78
Dental Services Visits and Patients, Columns A and B : Page 78 
Services Provided by Multiple Entities : Page 79
FAQ for Table 6A : Page 79 
Table 6A: Selected Diagnoses and Services Rendered : Page 84 
Selected Diagnoses : Page 84
Selected Services Rendered : Page 86 
Sources of Codes : Page 88
Instructions for Tables 6B and 7 : Page 89
Column Logic Instructions : Page 89
Column A (A, 2A, or 3A): Number of Patients in the Denominator : Page 89
Column B (B, 2B, or 3B): Number of Records Reviewed : Page 90
Column C (C or 2C) or 3F: Number of Charts/Records Meeting the Numerator Criteria : Page 91 
And vs. Or : Page 91 
Detailed Instructions for Clinical Quality Measures : Page 91 
Instructions for Table 6B: Quality of Care Measures : Page 93 
Table 6B: Quality of Care Measures : Page 93
Sections A and B: Demographic Characteristics of Prenatal Care Patients : Page 94
Prenatal Care by Referral Only (check box) : Page 94
Section A: Age of Prenatal Care Patients (Lines 1–6) : Page 94 
Section B: Early Entry into Prenatal Care (Lines 7–9), No eC Q M : Page 95

Sections C through M: Other Quality of Care Measures : Page 96
Childhood Immunization Status (Line 10), C M S117v13 : Page 97
Cervical Cancer Screening (Line 11), CMS124v13 : Page 100
Breast Cancer Screening (Line 11a), CMS125v13 : Page 101
Weight Assessment and Counseling for Nutrition and Physical Activity for Children/Adolescents (Line 12), CMS155v13 : Page 103
Preventive Care and Screening: Body Mass Index (B M I) Screening and Follow-Up Plan (Line 13), CMS69v13 : Page 104
Preventive Care and Screening: Tobacco Use: Screening and Cessation Intervention (Line 14a), CMS138v13 : Page 106
Statin Therapy for the Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease (Line 17a), CMS347v8 : Page 107
Ischemic Vascular Disease (I V D): Use of Aspirin or Another Antiplatelet (Line 18), CMS164v7 : Page 109 
Colorectal Cancer Screening (Line 19), CMS130v13 : Page 110
H I V Linkage to Care (Line 20), No eCQM : Page 112
HIV Screening (Line 20a), CMS349v7 : Page 113 
Preventive Care and Screening: Screening for Depression and Follow-Up Plan (Line 21), CMS2v14 : Page 114
Depression Remission at Twelve Months (Line 21a), CMS159v13 : Page 116
Dental Sealants for Children between 6–9 Years (Line 22), CMS277v0 : Page 118
Initiation and Engagement of Substance Use Disorder Treatment (Lines 23a and 23b), CMS137v13 : Page 119
FAQ for Table 6B : Page 120
Table 6B: Quality of Care Measures : Page 125 
Instructions for Table 7: Health Outcomes : Page 129 
Table 7: Health Outcomes Measures : Page 129
Race and Ethnicity Reporting : Page 129
Section A: Deliveries and Birth Weight : Page 130
HIV-Positive Pregnant Women, Top Line (Line 0) : Page 130 
Deliveries Performed by Health Center Provider (Line 2) : Page 130
Deliveries and Birth Weight Data by Race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Ethnicity, Columns 1a–1d : Page 130
Prenatal Care Patients and Referred Prenatal Care Patients Who Delivered During the Year (Column 1a) : Page 130
Birth Weight of Infants Born to Prenatal Care Patients Who Delivered During the Year (Columns 1b–1d) : Page 131
Sections B and C: Other Health Outcome Measures : Page 132 
Controlling High Blood Pressure (Columns 2a– 2c), CMS165v13 : Page 132 
Diabetes: Glycemic Status Assessment Greater Than 9% (Columns 3a–3f), CMS122v13 : Page 134
FAQ for Table 7 : Page 135 
Table 7: Health Outcomes : Page 137
Instructions for Table 8A: Financial Costs : Page 149 
Table 8A: Financial Costs : Page 149 
Column Reporting Requirements : Page 149
Column A: Accrued Costs : Page 149
Column B: Allocation of Facility Costs and Non- Clinical Support Service Costs : Page 149
Column C: Total Cost After Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services : Page 149
Cost Center Line Reporting Requirements : Page 150 
Medical Personnel Costs (Line 1) : Page 150 
Medical Lab and X-Ray Costs (Line 2) : Page 150 
Other Direct Medical Costs (Line 3) : Page 151 
Total Medical (Line 4) : Page 151 
Other Clinical Services (Lines 5–10) : Page 151 
Dental (Line 5) : Page 151 
Mental Health (Line 6) : Page 151
Substance Use Disorders (Line 7) : Page 151 

Pharmacy (Not Including Pharmaceuticals) (Line 8a) : Page 152 
Pharmaceuticals (Line 8b) : Page 152 
Other Professional (Line 9) : Page 152 
Vision (Line 9a) : Page 152
Total Other Clinical (Line 10) : Page 153
Enabling (Lines 11a–11h, 11) : Page 153 
Total Enabling Services (Line 11) : Page 153
Other Program-Related (Line 12) : Page 153
Quality Improvement (QI) (Line 12a) : Page 154 
Total Enabling, Other Program-Related, and Quality Improvement Services (Line 13) : Page 154 
Facility Costs (Line 14) : Page 154 
Non-Clinical Support Services Costs (Line 15) : Page 154 
Total Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services (Line 16) : Page 155 
Total Accrued Costs (Line 17) : Page 155 
Value of Donated Facilities, Services, and Supplies (Line 18, Column C) : Page 155
Total with Donations (Line 19) : Page 156 
Column B: Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services Allocation Instructions : Page 156
Facility : Page 156
Non-Clinical Support Services : Page 157 
FAQ for Table 8A : Page 157 
Table 8A: Financial Costs : Page 160 
Instructions for Table 9D: Patient Service Revenue : Page 162 
Table 9D: Patient Service Revenue : Page 162 
Rows: Payer Categories and Form of Payment : Page 162
Payer Categories : Page 163
Form of Payment : Page 165 
Columns: Charges, Payments, and Adjustments Related to Services Delivered : Page 165 
Column A: Full Charges This Period : Page 165 
Column B: Amount Collected This Period : Page 166
Columns C1–C4: Retroactive Settlements, Receipts, or Paybacks : Page 167
Column D: Adjustments : Page 168
Column E: Sliding Fee Discounts : Page 169 
Column F: Bad Debt Write-Off : Page 169
Total Patient Service Revenue (Line 14) : Page 170 
FAQ for Table 9D : Page 170
Table 9D: Patient Service Revenue : Page 172
Instructions for Table 9E: Other Revenue : Page 174 
Table 9E: Other Revenue : Page 174 
HRSA’s BPHC Grants : Page 174 
Health Center Program Grants, Lines 1a Through 1e : Page 174 
Total Health Center Program (Line 1g) : Page 175 
Capital Development Grants (Line 1k) : Page 175 
COVID-19 Supplemental Funding : Page 175
Total HRSA’s BPHC Grants (Line 1) : Page 175 
Other Federal Grants : Page 176 
Ryan White Part C—HIV Early Intervention Grants (Line 2) : Page 176 
Other Federal Grants (Line 3) : Page 176 
Promoting Interoperability Program (Line 3a) : Page 176 
Total Other Federal Grants (Line 5) : Page 176
Non-Federal Grants or Contracts : Page 177 
State Government Grants and Contracts (Line 6) : Page 177 
State/Local Indigent Care Programs (Line 6a) : Page 177 
Local Government Grants and Contracts (Line 7) : Page 177 
Foundation/Private Grants and Contracts (Line 8) : Page 177 
Total Non-Federal Grants and Contracts (Line 9) : Page 177 
Other Revenue (Line 10) : Page 178
Total Other Revenue (Line 11) : Page 178 
FAQ for Table 9E : Page 178
Table 9E: Other Revenues : Page 180

Appendix A: Listing of Personnel : Page 181 
Appendix B: Special Multi-Table Situations : Page 186 
Contracted Care : Page 187
Services Provided by a Volunteer Provider : Page 188 
Interns and Residents : Page 188
Women, Infants, and Children (W I C) : Page 189 
In-House Pharmacy or Dispensary Services for Health Center Patients : Page 190 
In-House Pharmacy for Community (i.e., for non- patients) : Page 191 
Contract Pharmacy Dispensing to Health Center Patients, Generally Using 340B Purchased Drugs : Page 191 
Donated Drugs, Including Vaccines : Page 192
Clinical Dispensing of Drugs : Page 192 
A D H C and P A C E : Page 193
Medi-Medi/Dually Eligible : Page 193 
Certain Grant-Supported Clinical Care Programs : Page 194 
State or Local Indigent Care Programs : Page 194
Workers’ Compensation : Page 194
Tricare, Trigon, and Public Employees’ Insurance : Page 195 
School-based Sites : Page 195
The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) : Page 196 
Carve-Outs : Page 196
Patients Served in a Carceral Facility : Page 197
Health I T/E H R Personnel and Costs : Page 197 
New Start or New Access Point (N A P) : Page 198 
Relationship Between Personnel on Table 5 and Costs on Table 8A : Page 198 
Relationship Between Insurance on Table 4 and Revenue on Table 9D : Page 199
Relationship Between Prenatal Care on Table 6B and Deliveries on Table 7 : Page 199
Relationship Between Race and Ethnicity on Tables 3B and 7 : Page 200 
Appendix C: Reduced Number of Records Reviewed for Clinical Quality Measure Reporting : Page 202 
Appendix D: Health Center Health Information Technology (Health IT) Capabilities : Page 203 
Introduction : Page 203 
Questions : Page 203
FAQ for Appendix D: Health Center Health IT Capabilities Form : Page 208 
Appendix E: Other Data Elements : Page 210 
Introduction : Page 210 
Questions : Page 210
FAQ for Appendix E: Other Data Elements Form : Page 212 
Appendix F: Workforce : Page 213
Introduction : Page 213 
Questions : Page 213
Appendix G: Health Center Resources : Page 216 
UDS Production Timeline and Report Availability : Page 217 
Publicly Available UDS Data : Page 218 
UDS CQMs and National Programs Crosswalk : Page 218
Appendix H: Glossary : Page 221
Appendix I: Acronyms : Page 226





Changes and Highlights to the Reporting Requirements 
Key changes from the 2024 calendar year reporting to the 2025 calendar year reporting are included at the start 
of each Table and Form instruction section and highlighted in honeycomb color for ease of locating. 
Note: Items highlighted in ice blue emphasize key foundational reporting guidance. 
Critical reporting instruction changes have been made since the original 2025 calendar year release (June 18, 
2025) of this manual. Use the updated manual to prepare and submit the calendar year UDS Report.
Several codes on Table 6A, Selected Diagnoses and Services Rendered, were placed on the wrong line:
•CPT codes 90632-90648 were inadvertently moved from line 24 to line 24a.
•CPT codes 90663, 90664, 90666, and 90668 were inadvertently added to line 24a. These codes have been 
removed.
•CPT codes 90665, 90725, and 90737 were inadvertently added to line 24. These codes have been removed.
•CPT code 90682 was inadvertently moved from line 24a to line 24.


Introduction 

This manual describes the annual Uniform Data System (UDS) reporting requirements for all health centers that 
receive federal award funds (“awardees”) under the Health Center Program authorized by section 330 of the 
Public Health Service (PHS) Act (United States government Information webpage on Content Details of 42 U.S.C. 254b - Health centers
) (“section 330”), as amended (including sections 330(e), (g), 
(h), and (i)), as well as for health centers considered Health Center Program look-alikes. Look-alikes DO NOT 
receive federal funding under section 330 of the PHS Act (although they may receive funding during public health 
emergencies), but they do meet the Health Center Program requirements for designation under the program (42 
U.S.C. 1395x(aa)(4)(A)(ii) and 42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B)(ii)). Certain health centers funded under HRSA’s 
Bureau of Health Workforce (B H W
) are also required to submit a UDS Report. 

Unless otherwise noted, for the rest of this manual the term “health center” will refer to all the entities listed 
above that are required to submit a UDS Report. 

ABOUT THE UDS 

The UDS is a standard data set that is reported annually by each health center and, thus, provides consistent 
information about health centers. This core set of information for the calendar year includes patient 
characteristics, services provided, clinical processes and health outcomes, patients’ use of services, staffing, costs, 
and revenues. It is the source of unduplicated data for the entire scope of services included in the grant or 
designation for the calendar year 2025. 

• If the health center brings services into its approved scope of project at any time during the calendar year, the 
health center must include data for those services in its UDS Report for the full calendar year. 
• If the health center brings service delivery sites into its approved scope of project during the calendar year, the 
health center must include data for the new service delivery sites in its UDS Report for the period beginning 
on the date of the scope change or the New Access Point (NAP) site implementation date. 


HRSA routinely reports these data and related analyses, making them available to health centers in HRSA’s HRSA grants webpage on Content Details of Electronic Handbooks (E H Bs)
and to the public through HRSA’s The HRSA Data Warehouse website
.Reference 1
Please refer to Appendix G: Health Center Resources 
for resources that may be helpful for completing the UDS Report. 

WHAT THIS MANUAL INCLUDES 

This manual includes reporting requirements and resources to help with completion of the calendar year 2025 
UDS Report due February 15, 2026. 

Reporting requirements include the approved UDS changes for the calendar year. The 
HRSA Health Center Program website on Content Details of 2025 Program Assistance Letter (P A L) 
provides an 
overview of key changes. 

A list of personnel by service 
category and by job title who may be 
eligible to produce countable “visits” 
for the UDS is shown in Appendix A
. 

Issues that affect multiple tables are 
addressed in Appendix B
. 

Reduced denominator 
considerations for clinical quality 
measure (CQM) reporting are 
provided inAppendix C
. 

Resources and supports to assist health 
centers, including links to electronic 
clinical quality measures (eCQMs), are 
provided in Appendix G
. 

A glossary of key terms is available 
inAppendix H
. 

Acronyms used throughout the UDS 
Manual are defined in Appendix I
. 

1 In accordance with the The United States government website on Content Details of Freedom of Information Act (Exemption 4)
, HRSA’s BPHC does not publicly share proprietary business information at the health 
center level. 

General Instructions 

WHAT TO SUBMIT 

The UDS includes two parts that health centers are required to submit through the Electronic Handbooks (EHBs): 

1) All health centers use the Universal Report, which consists of the UDS tables, the Health Information 
Technology (Health IT) Form, the Other Data Elements Form, and the Workforce Form. 

The Universal Report is an unduplicated count of all patients served by the health center regardless of funding 
source; the Grant Report is a subset of the patients reported on the Universal Report who are served under a 
special medically underserved population funding authority. Thus, no cell in a Grant Report may have a 
number larger than the same cell in the Universal Report. 


2) Health Center Program awardees that receive section 330 grants under multiple funding authorities (Community Health Center [C H C] [330(e)] funding, Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers [M S A W] [330(g)] funding, Homeless Population [HP] [330(h)] funding, and/or Residents of Public Housing [R P H] [330(i)] funding) also complete separate Grant Reports. 
• The Grant Reports provide data comparable to the Universal Report for Tables 3A, 3B, 4, 6A, and part of 
Table 5. 
• Grant Reports are only completed for the portion of the program that falls within the scope of a project funded 
under a particular funding authority. 
• The vast majority of health centers have a CHC (330(e)) grant, and to report a separate grant report would add 
burden to health centers, since these activities make up a large portion of the Universal Report. Therefore, 
awardees with grants from multiple 330 funding streams DO NOT submit a separate Grant Report for the 
scope of project supported by CHC (330(e)) funding. 


Report all the data for any patient who receives services under sections 330(g), (h), or (i) in the proper Grant 
Report. Include all services provided to these patients regardless of the funding source. 




The EHBs reporting system automatically identifies and provides forms for all the reports needed to meet the 
reporting requirements. Please contact Health Center Program Support through the BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
or at 
877-464-4772 if there appear to be errors. 

WHAT IS INCLUDED 

The UDS includes 11 tables and 3 forms that provide demographic, clinical, operational, and financial data. 
Health centers must complete the following: 

Table Data Reported 
Universal 
Report 
Grant 
Reports 
Service Area 
Patients by ZIP Code Table: 
Patients by ZIP Code 
Patients served reported by ZIP code and by primary 
third-party medical insurance source, if any 
Cross mark
Patient Profile 
Table 3A: Patients by Age and by 
Sex 
Patients by age and by sex Cross mark
Cross mark
Table 3B: Demographic 
Characteristics 
Patients by race, ethnicity, and language preference Cross mark
Cross mark



Table 4: Selected Patient 
Characteristics Patients by income (as measured by percentage of the federal poverty guidelines [F P G]) and primary third-party medical insurance; the number of “special medically underserved population” patients receiving services; and managed care enrollment, if any 
Cross mark
Cross mark
Staffing and Utilization 
Table 5: Staffing and Utilization 
The annualized full-time equivalent (FTE) of program 
personnel by position, in-person and virtual visits by 
provider type, and patients by service type 
Cross mark
Partial 
(excludes 
FTE) 
Table 5 Addendum: Selected 
Service Detail Addendum Mental health services provided by medical providers; substance use disorder (S U D) services provided by medical and mental health providers 
Cross mark
Clinical 
Table 6A: Selected Diagnoses and 
Services Rendered 
Visits and patients for selected medical, mental health, 
SUD, vision, and dental diagnoses and services 
Cross mark
Cross mark
Table 6B: Quality of Care 
Measures 
Clinical quality of care measures Cross mark
Table 7: Health Outcomes Health outcome measures Cross mark
Financial 
Table 8A: Financial Costs Direct and indirect expenses by cost categories Cross mark
Table 9D: Patient Service 
Revenue 
Full charges, collections, and adjustments by payer type; 
sliding fee discounts; and patient bad debt write-offs 
Cross mark
Table 9E: Other Revenue Other, non–patient service revenue Cross mark
Other 
Appendix D: Health Information 
Technology (Health IT) 
Capabilities Form 
Health IT capabilities, including the use of electronic 
health record (EHR) information, and health-related 
needs 
Cross mark
Appendix E: Other Data Elements 
Form Medications for opioid use disorder (M O U D), telehealth, outreach and enrollment assistance, and voluntary family planning 
Cross mark
Appendix F: Workforce Form 
Health center workforce training and use of satisfaction 
surveys for provider and other personnel 
Cross mark


Note: Grant reports are NOT completed for tables and forms that are grayed out in the last column of this table. 

The UDS Support Center is available to provide training, technical assistance, and resources about the UDS data 
and reporting requirements. Contact the Support Center at 1-866-UDS-HELP, E-mail address of UDS Support Center 
, or BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
. 

CALENDAR YEAR REPORTING 

Who Reports UDS What Is Reported How to Report When to Report 
• All health centers funded 
or designated, in whole 
or in part, before 
October 1, 2025, 
including New Access 
Point (NAP) awardee 
recipients, mergers, or 
acquisitions. 


• Approved in-scope 
activities from January 
1 through December 
31, 2025. 
• Report even if no grant 
funds were drawn down 
for some or all funding 
streams during the 
calendar year. 


• Through the Electronic 
Handbooks (EHBs) 
starting January 1, 
2026. 
• Preliminary Reporting Environment (P R E) and offline tools are available in Fall 2025. 


• January 1 through 
February 15, 2026. 
UDS Reports are to be 
submitted by February 
15, 2026. 
• UDS Report reviews are 
conducted and necessary 
revisions are made from 
February 15 through 
March 31, 2026. 





The UDS is a calendar year report. Health centers—including all those whose designation or funding begins, 
either in whole or in part, on or after January 1—must report in-scope activities for the entire calendar year. 
Similarly, health centers with a fiscal year or grant period other than January 1 to December 31 will still report on 
the calendar year, NOT on their fiscal or grant year. 

If an entire look-alike program became funded and converted to a 330 awardee before October 1, 2025, report 
only an awardee UDS Report for the year. 

Health centers whose designation or funding ends during the year are still obligated to fulfill reporting 
requirements for the calendar year. Health centers are to contact Health Center Program Support via the BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
or at 877-464-4772 to clarify their reporting requirements. 

No UDS Report is filed if the health center was funded or designated for the first time on or after October 1 of 
the calendar year. 

IN-SCOPE REPORTING 

All health centers must submit data that reflects all activities in the HRSA health center scope of project, as 
defined in approved applications and reflected in the official Notice of Award/Designation. 

For organizations that operate programs and/or service delivery sites that are out of scope, limit the reporting to 
the approved scope of project only. 

DUE DATES AND REVISIONS TO REPORTS 

The period for submission of complete and accurate UDS Reports through EHBs is January 1 through February 
15, 2026, 11:59 p.m. local time. 

From February 15 through March 31, 2026, a Health Center Program UDS Reviewer will review your report and, 
as needed, help you in ensuring that reported data adheres to reporting requirements. The UDS Reviewer sends 
communications and data change requests through EHBs via a non-Health Resources & Services Administration website. 
email address to the health center 
contact listed in the EHBs. Communicate directly with the assigned UDS Reviewer during this time to address 
questions they have raised. It is critical to address questions raised by your UDS Reviewer within the timeframe 
assigned in order to meet the final submission timeline. Final, corrected submissions are due no later than March 
31, 2026. 

HRSA may grant a reporting exemption under extraordinary circumstances, such as the physical destruction of a 
health center. Health centers must request such exemptions directly from HRSA’s BPHC via the BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
or at 877-464-4772. 

HOW AND WHERE TO SUBMIT DATA 

All health centers are to submit a full UDS Report within HRSA grants webpage on Content Details of Electronic Handbooks (E H Bs)
by February 15, 2026. This will be the official 
submission of record for 2025 reporting. To log in to the EHBs, use yourGeneral Services Administration website. 
account and two-factor 
authentication. Visit the HRSA help webpage on Content Details of EHBs Help and Knowledge Base 
for more information on General Services Administration website.
. 


Health center personnel need a username and password to log into the EHBs, which are then used to access, 
complete, and submit the health center’s UDS Report. The EHBs supports standard web browsersReference 2
and provides 
electronic forms necessary to complete the UDS Report. The PRE provides early access to the EHBs and is 
available in the fall. This allows health centers to: 

• enter available UDS data, 
• identify potential data reporting problems, and 
• make use of additional preparation time to compile UDS data. 


Note: Data present in the PRE on December 31 are automatically transferred to the annual UDS reporting 
environment, which opens January 1. 

To facilitate a team-based approach, there are also offline reporting templates available within the EHBs. For 
more information on these tools, visit the HRSA Health Center Program webpage on Content Details of UDS Training and Technical Assistance 
Reporting Guidance webpage. 

Health centers are required to appoint one person as the UDS contact. The UDS contact receives all 
communications about the UDS Report. This person ensures that the report is submitted according to set 
deadlines, corrections to the report are made, and explanations of accurate data reported on the UDS tables are 
clear. Be sure the UDS contact information in the EHBs is current to ensure receipt of important UDS-
related communications. 

Health centers grant individual personnel “view” or “edit” privileges in the EHBs. These privileges apply to the 
whole report, not just specific tables or forms. Health centers may give edit privileges to several people, each 
using separate, individualized login credentials. Health center personnel with EHBs access can work on the tables 
and forms in sections, saving interim or partial versions online as they work and returning to complete them later. 

The EHBs saves user progress as the health center completes all tables and runs system checks on the data until 
the health center makes a formal submission. To verify accuracy, the EHBs checks for potential inconsistencies or 
questionable data. The system provides a summary of which tables are complete and a list of audit questions. 
Health center personnel must address each of the data audit findings, even if the audit question does not appear to 
apply to their health center’s unique circumstances. If personnel believe the data are correct as reported, they 
should clearly explain any unique circumstances with the yearly UDS submission in table comments. The chief 
executive officer ( C E O 
) or project director usually submits, but they may delegate the authority to someone else 
by designating an alternate in the EHBs. At the time of submission, the UDS requires the submitter to 
acknowledge that the health center reviewed and verified the accuracy and validity of the data. Submit only 
complete and accurate reports into the EHBs. 

2 While most web browsers should work with the EHBs, it is certified to work with the browsers mentioned in the EHBs’ HRSA grants webpage on Content Details of recommended settings
, which are 
available on the EHBs website. 

Failure to submit a timely, accurate, and complete UDS Report by February 15, 2026, 11:59 p.m. (local time) may result in a condition being placed on your grant award. Additional restrictions, including the requirement that all drawdowns of Health Center Program grant award funds from the Payment Management System (P M S) have the prior approval of the HRSA Division of Grants Management Operations (D G M O) and/or limits on future funding (e.g., base adjustments), may also be placed on your grant award. 
Note: Retain health center UDS reporting backup documentation and files for a minimum of 1 year or through a 
later date determined by the health center. 

Please refer to Appendix G: Health Center Resources 
for resources that may be helpful for completing the UDS 
Report. 

FAQ FOR THE GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 

1. Do we report only the services provided to patients using HP, MSAW, or RPH grant funds on the 
Grant Report? 

No. Include activity for all patients described in the approved HP, MSAW, or RPH grant scope of project, 
regardless of the funding source. For example, if patients experiencing homelessness receive medical services 
in the 330(h)-supported homeless medical van, report this activity on the Homeless Population Grant Report 
tables. If patients experiencing homelessness receive dental services at the clinic, where 330(h) funds are not 
used, this activity would also be reported on the Homeless Population Grant Report tables regardless of the 
dental funding source. 


2. When do we complete a Universal Report and when do we complete a Grant Report? 

In summary, health centers that receive funds under only one of HRSA’s BPHC Health Center Program 
awards complete the Universal Report and no Grant Reports (CHC only, HP only, MSAW only, or RPH 
only). Additionally, look-alikes and certain health centers funded by BHW complete the Universal Report and 
no Grant Reports. Health centers funded through multiple of HRSA’s BPHC funding authorities complete a 
Universal Report for the combined projects and a separate Grant Report for activity covered by their MSAW, 
HP, and/or RPH funding grant(s), but not their CHC funding grant. 

Examples include the following: 

• A CHC awardee that also has HP funding completes a Universal Report for all in-scope activity and a 
Grant Report for activity under the HP funding, but it does NOT complete a Grant Report for the CHC 
funding. 
• A CHC awardee that also has MSAW and HP funding completes a Universal Report, a Grant Report for 
the HP funding, and a Grant Report for the MSAW funding. 
• An HP awardee that also receives RPH funding completes a Universal Report and two Grant Reports— 
one for the HP funding and one for the RPH funding. 
• An HP awardee that receives no other Health Center Program funding will file a Universal Report and 
will NOT file a Grant Report. 



3. We had a service delivery site that closed and services that were removed during the calendar year, and 
they are no longer in-scope. Do we report data from the service delivery site or services that were 
removed from the scope of project on the UDS Report? 

Yes. If services or service delivery sites are removed from your scope of project during the calendar year, 
report on all activities (patients, services, visits, clinical care, personnel, revenue, and costs) up until the date 
HRSA acknowledged their removal from your approved scope of project. 





4. We added a new service delivery site to our scope of project. What should we do to report the activity 
of this new service delivery site on the UDS Report? 

Health centers must submit data for all approved in-scope activities, as reflected in the Notice of 
Award/Designation when a new service delivery site is added, as listed on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5B: Service Sites
. If your health center added a new service delivery site, either through a change in scope (C I S) request or through an NAP award, you will be required to submit data for approved in-scope activities based on your CIS approval date and/or NAP site implementation date. 



5. Is activity at a non-approved service delivery site included on the UDS Report? 

No. Only report services provided at your health center’s approved service delivery sites (e.g., clinics, 
schools, homeless shelters), as listed on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5B
, or in other locations that DO NOT meet HRSA’s site 
criteria but are included in the health center’s approved scope of project (e.g., hospitals, nursing homes, 
extended care facilities, patient’s home), as shown on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5C: Other Activities/Locations
. 


6. What should we do if a data breach impacts our ability to complete an accurate UDS Report by 
February 15? 

Health centers are still required to complete the UDS Report to the best of their ability with the data they 
have. Contact Health Center Program Support via the BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
E-mail address of UDS Support Center 
, or at 
877-464-4772 to discuss the circumstances of the breach. Additionally, clearly explain missing data and its 
impact on any affected tables using the EHBs UDS Report Comment field. 





Instructions for Tables That Report 
Visits, Patients, and Providers 

Health centers serve many individuals in different ways. NOT all individuals and their encounters are reported in 
the UDS Report, and not all health center personnel count as providers. The following section defines countable 
visits, patients, and providers for the UDS. 

COUNTABLE VISITS 

Visits determine who to count as a patient on the Patients by ZIP Code Table and Tables 3A, 3B, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 
and 7, and in the corresponding activity reported throughout the UDS Report. Report visits by type of provider on 
Table 5 and for selected diagnoses and selected services on Table 6A. 

Countable visits are encounters between a patient and a licensed or credentialed provider who exercises 
independent professional judgment in providing services that are: 

• documented, 
• individualized,Reference 3
• in-person or virtual.Reference 4


Count only visits that meet all these criteria. 

Services must be provided by an individual classified as a “provider
” for purposes of counting visits. Not all 
health center personnel who interact with patients qualify as a provider, and not all services by a provider are 
countable visits. See Services and Individuals NOT Reported on the UDS Report
. Appendix A 
provides a list of 
various health center personnel and the status of each as a provider or non-provider for UDS reporting purposes. 

In addition to visits provided by health center providers, visits provided by contractors who are paid for by or 
billed through the health center are counted in the UDS if they meet all visit criteria. These include outpatient 
or inpatient specialty care associated with a managed care contract. In these instances, if the visit is not fully 
documented in the patient’s health record, a summary of the visit must appear in the patient’s health record, 
including all appropriate documentation and coding. Generally, at a minimum, this will include procedure and 
diagnostic codes. 

Below are definitions and criteria for reporting visits. Table 5 provides further clarifications. See Clinic Visits, Column B
. 

Documentation 

Health centers must record the service and associated patient information, in print or electronic form, in a system 
that permits ready retrieval of current data for the patient. The patient health record does not have to be complete 
with all details of the service to meet this standard, but it should generally include service code(s), setting of 

3 An exception is allowed for behavioral health visits, which may be conducted in a group setting. 
4 Only interactive, synchronous audio and/or video telecommunication systems that permit real-time communication between a distant provider and a 
patient may be considered and coded as telemedicine services. The term “telehealth” includes telemedicine services but encompasses a broader scope of 
remote health care services. Telemedicine is specific to remote clinical services, whereas telehealth may include remote non-clinical services, such as 
provider training, administrative meetings, and continuing medical education, in addition to clinical services. 

service, decision making of necessity and appropriateness, examination or assessment, and time spent on the date 
of visit. 

Independent Professional Judgment 

Providers must be acting on their own, not assisting another provider, when serving the patient. 

Independent professional judgment is the use of the professional skills gained through formal training and 
experience and unique to that provider or other similarly or more intensively trained providers. 

Behavioral Health Group Visits 

Behavioral health (mental health or substance use disorder [SUD]) visits are the only type of visit that may be 
counted when conducted in a group setting. A health center may count visits by a behavioral health provider who 
provides service(s) to a group of patients simultaneously only if the service(s) is/are documented in each patient’s 
health record. 

Examples of “group visits” include family therapy or counseling sessions, group mental health counseling, and 
group SUD counseling where several people receive services that are documented in each patient’s health record. 

Other considerations: 

• The health center normally records applicable charges for each patient, even if another grant or contract 
covers the costs. 
• If only one patient is billed (for example, when a family member who is not the patient takes part in a 
patient’s counseling session), count the visit for only that one patient. 
• DO NOT count group medical or health education visits. 


Location of Services Provided 

A visit must take place in health centers’ approved service delivery sites (e.g., clinics, schools, homeless shelters, 
transitional care in carceral setting locations as listed on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5B
) or in other locations that DO NOT meet 
HRSA’s site criteria but are included in the health center’s scope of project (e.g., hospitals, nursing homes, 
extended care facilities, patient’s home), as referenced on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5C
. In addition, virtual visits may occur from 
other locations. See instructions for Virtual Visits
. 

Inpatient visit considerations: 

• Count only one inpatient visit per patient per service category per day, regardless of how many clinic 
providers see the patient or how often they do so. 
• Visits include encounters with an existing patient who has been hospitalized, when health center medical 
personnel “follow” the patient during the hospital stay as the provider of record or when they provide care to 
the patient on behalf of the provider of record. This applies only when the health center pays their medical 
personnel who “follow” patients (or insurance) for the specific service. 
• When a patient’s first encounter is in a hospital, in respite care, or in a similar facility that is not specifically 
approved in Form 5B as a service delivery site under the health center’s approved scope of project, neither 
the patient nor any of the services at the facility for that patient are counted in the UDS. 



Counting Multiple Visits by Category of Service 

Multiple visits may occur when a patient has more than one visit with the health center in a day (in-person and/or 
virtual). 

Count only one visit per patient per service category 
per provider per location in a single day, regardless of the 
types or number of services provided or where they occur, as described in the table that follows. 

Other considerations: 

• If multiple medical providers in a single category deliver multiple services to a patient on a single day at the 
same service delivery site, count only one visit, even if third-party payers may recognize these as separate 
billable services. This is typically credited to the provider performing the highest level of or most care, 
although the health center needs to make this determination for itself. 
• Count two visits in a scenario in which services are provided to a patient on the same day by two different 
providers of the same service category type who are located at two different service delivery sites. 

Circle used as bullet
This lets patients who are in challenging environments to receive services outside the health center from a 
licensed or credentialed health center provider and receive services again on the same day at the health 
center from a different licensed or credentialed provider. 
Circle used as bullet
This also lets patients seen at a health center service delivery site by one provider be seen on the same day 
at the hospital by another health center provider. 



• A virtual visit may count as a separate visit when a patient has another visit on the same day, but only if the 
providers are different and the assigned service delivery location of each provider is different. 


Maximum Number of Visits per Patient per Day per Service Category at the Same Service Delivery Site 

# of Visits Service Category Provider Examples 
1 Medical 
physician, nurse practitioner, physician assistant, certified 
nurse midwife, nurse 
1 Dental dentist, dental hygienist, dental therapist 
1 Mental health 
psychiatrist, licensed clinical psychologist, licensed clinical 
social worker, board-certified psychiatric nurse practitioner, 
other licensed or unlicensed mental health providers 
1 Substance use disorder alcohol and SUD specialist, psychologist, social worker 
1 for each provider type Other professional nutritionist, podiatrist, speech therapist, acupuncturist 
1 Vision ophthalmologist, optometrist 
1 for each provider type Enabling case manager, health educator 

PATIENT 

Patients are people who have at least one countable visit during the calendar year. The term “patient” applies 
to everyone who receives clinic (in-person) or virtual visits in any of the seven service categories
, NOT just those 
who receive medical services. When patients are included in the UDS Report, they are to be reported in 
corresponding sections only once, as described below. 

The Universal Report includes all patients who had at least one visit during the calendar year within the scope of 
project supported by the health center grant or designation. 

• On the Patients by ZIP Code Table, on Tables 3A and 3B, and in each section of Table 4, report each patient 
once and only once. This applies even if they received more than one service (e.g., medical, dental, enabling) 



or received services supported by more than one funding stream authority (i.e., section 330(g), section 330(h), 
section 330(i)). 
• Report these patients and their visits on Tables 5 and 6A for each type of service (e.g., medical, dental, 
enabling) received during the calendar year. 
• Also report these patients, as applicable, for each of the clinical quality measures (CQMs) on Tables 6B and 
7. 


For each Grant Report, patients reported are those who had at least one countable visit during the calendar year 
within the scope of project activities supported by the specific section 330 funding stream authority, even if the 
specific service is not paid for by the grant. The number of patients reported in any cell on the Universal Report 
includes all patients reported in the same cell in the Grant Report. Therefore, no cell on the Grant Report may 
show a greater number than the number in the same cell on the Universal Report. 

Services and Individuals NOT Reported on the UDS Report 

Some services DO NOT count as a visit for UDS reporting, even though they are critical to the overall provision 
of care to an individual or a community. 

Someone who receives only the services described in the table below is NOT a patient for purposes of UDS 
reporting, and the activity is not counted as a UDS countable visit. 

If an individual receives additional services that fully meet the countable visit definition (i.e., the services require 
independent professional judgment from a health center provider and those services are documented), they should 
be considered a patient of the health center. 

The following situations are NOT countable as visits: 

Health 
screenings or 
outreach services 
• Do not count screenings (e.g., COVID-19, blood pressure, diabetes) or outreach as countable 
visits, including: 

Circle used as bullet
Information sessions for prospective patients. 
Circle used as bullet
Health presentations to community groups. 
Circle used as bullet
Information presentations about available health services at the center. 
Circle used as bullet
Services conducted at health fairs or schools. 
Circle used as bullet
Immunization drives. 
Circle used as bullet
Services provided to groups, such as dental varnishes or sealants provided at schools. 
Circle used as bullet
Hypertension or diabetes testing. 
Circle used as bullet
Similar public health efforts that frequently occur as part of community activities that involve 
conducting outreach or group education. 





Group visits 
• Do not count visits conducted in a group setting, except for behavioral health group visits. 

Circle used as bullet
The most common non-behavioral health group visits are patient education or health 
education classes (e.g., people with diabetes learning about nutrition). 





Tests and 
other ancillary 
services 
• Do not count services required to perform such tests, such as drawing blood or collecting urine, 
and other ancillary services, including: 

Circle used as bullet
Laboratory tests (e.g., COVID-19, purified protein derivatives [P P Ds], pregnancy, or Hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c]). 
Circle used as bullet
Measuring and imaging (e.g., blood pressure, height, weight, sonography, radiology, 
mammography, retinography, or computerized axial tomography). 





Dispensing or 
administering 
medications 
• Do not count dispensing medications, including dispensing from a pharmacy or administering 
medications (e.g., buprenorphine, warfarin). 
• Do not count giving any injection (e.g., immunizations, vaccines, COVID-19, flu, allergy shots, or 
contraceptives), regardless of education provided at the same time. 





• 
Do not count providing narcotic agonists or antagonists or mixes of these, regardless of whether 
the patient is assessed at the time of the dispensing and regardless of whether these medications 
are dispensed regularly. 


Health status 
checks 
• Do not count follow-up tests or checks (e.g., patients returning for glycemic status tests or blood 
pressure checks). 
• Do not count wound care (which is follow-up to the original primary care visit). 
• Do not count taking health histories. 
• Do not count making referrals for or following up on external referrals. 


Services under 
the Women, 
Infants, and 
Children (WIC) 
program 
• Do not count a person whose only contact with a health center is to receive services (including 
nutrition) under a WIC program. 




Note: Although the services reflected in the table do not qualify as UDS countable visits, data regarding these 
services may be required in reporting for certain CQMs. 

PROVIDER 

A provider exercises independent professional judgment in the provision of services rendered to the patient, 
assumes primary responsibility for assessing and/or treating the patient for the care provided at the visit, and 
documents services in the patient’s health record. 

• Except for physicians and dentists, allocate personnel (as full-time equivalent [FTE]) by function on Table 5 
among the major service categories based on time dedicated to each position. 
• Providers may be employees of the health center, contracted personnel, or volunteers. 
• Contracted providers who are paid for their time by the health center with grant funds or program income and 
who are part of the scope of project, serve center patients, and document their services in the health center’s 
records count as providers; report their FTE. 
• Contracted providers who are paid for specific visits or services with grant funds or program income and 
report patient visits to the direct recipient of a HRSA’s BPHC or BHW grant or designation are providers, but 
if such providers do not have a time basis for their services, do not report an FTE for them. In these situations, 
the health center—the direct recipient of the HRSA’s BPHC or BHW grant or designation— must report 
these providers’ activities (patients, visits, revenue). 
• Providers who volunteer to serve patients at the health center’s service delivery sites under the supervision of 
the health center’s personnel and document their services and time in the health center’s records count as 
providers; report their FTE. 
• DO NOT count visits by providers who see patients under a formal unpaid referral agreement or contract 
with the health center, unless they are working at an approved health center service delivery site under the 
supervision of the appropriate health center personnel and are credentialed by the health center. These 
providers are generally providing services noted in Column III of the grant scope of project application HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5A
. 
• Report physicians according to the specialty in which they are board certified. If a physician has multiple 
board certifications, report the physician under the specialty in which they are functioning. FTE and visits for 
physicians with multiple board certifications should be allocated and reported according to the specialty they 
are practicing. 
• Appendix A 
provides a listing of personnel. Only personnel designated as a “provider” can generate countable 
visits for purposes of UDS reporting. 



• Only one provider receives credit for a visit, even when two or more providers are present and participate in 
the visit (see Counting Multiple Visits by Category of Service
). 
• In cases where a preceptor (or attending physician) is following and supervising a licensed resident, only the 
licensed resident or fellow receives credit for countable visits. (See Appendix B 
for further instruction on 
counting interns and residents.) 
• When health center personnel are following a patient in the hospital, the primary health center personnel in 
attendance during the visit is the provider who receives credit for the visit, even if other personnel are present. 
• Table 5 provides further clarifications to these definitions. See Instructions for Table 5: Staffing and Utilization
. 


FAQ FOR THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR TABLES 

1. What level of documentation is required for emergency, hospital, or respite services? Can we count the 
visit if the record is incomplete? 

A patient receiving documented emergency services counts even if some portions of the patient health record 
are incomplete. Providers who see their established patients at a hospital or respite care facility and make a 
note in the institutional file can satisfy this criterion by including a summary discharge or interim note 
showing activities for each of the visit dates. 


2. Do we credit a visit to the nurse assisting a physician? 

No. For example, a nurse assisting a physician during a physical examination by taking vital signs, recording 
a history, or drawing a blood sample does NOT receive credit as a separate visit. Visits that the nurse provides 
independently, and that fully meet countable visit criteria, may be credited to the nurse. Countable medical 
visits usually involve one of the “Evaluation and Management” billing codes (99202–99205 or 99211–99215) 
or one of the health maintenance codes (99381–99387, 99391–99397). 


3. Two different medical providers treated the patient at the health center on the same day. Can we count 
both? 

No. Only count one visit per service category when care is provided at the same location. For example, only count one medical visit if an obstetrician/gynecologist (O B/G Y N) provides prenatal care to a patient at the health center and a nurse practitioner treats that same patient’s hypertension at the same location on the same day. Other examples may include: a family physician and a pediatrician who both see a child or a dental hygienist and a dentist who both see a patient on the same day. 



Instructions for Patients by ZIP Code Table 

The Patients by ZIP Code Table collects data on patients’ geographic residence by ZIP codeReference 5
and by primary 
medical insurance. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this table. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

PATIENTS BY ZIP CODE 

• All health centers must report the number of patients served by ZIP code and primary medical insurance. 
• This information enables HRSA’s BPHC to better identify areas served by health centers, service area 
overlaps, and possible areas of unmet need. 
• Patients may be mobile during the calendar year; report patients’ most recent ZIP code on file. 
• ZIP code information for each patient is to be updated each calendar year. 


ZIP Code of Specific Groups 

For health centers serving patients without residence information, such as individuals from transient groups, 
follow the instructions below: 

Homeless 
population 
• Report the service location ZIP code as a proxy when a residence ZIP code location is 
unavailable. If the patient is staying at a shelter or otherwise has an address, use the ZIP code of 
that location. 
• If the patient receives services in a mobile health center van and has no other ZIP code, report the 
ZIP code of the van’s location on the day of that visit. 
• If the patient is living in permanent supportive housing or doubled up, report that location as the 
ZIP code. 
• Although it is appropriate from a clinical and service delivery perspective to collect the address of 
a contact person to facilitate communication with the patient; DO NOT use the contact person’s 
address as the patient’s address. 


Patients who are 
migratory and 
seasonal 
agricultural 
workers 
• Report the ZIP code of where the patient lived when they received care from the health center. 
Migratory agricultural workers (as opposed to seasonal agricultural workers) may have both a 
temporary address, where they live when working, and a permanent or “downstream” address. 
• Report the ZIP code for the location (fixed service delivery site or mobile camp) where patients 
received services, for those whose ZIP code is unavailable (e.g., living in cars or on the land). 


Patients who are 
foreign nationals 
• Report the current ZIP codes for people from other countries who reside in the United States 
either permanently or temporarily. 
• Report “Other ZIP Code” in cases where patients have a permanent residence outside the country, 
if they have no temporary address in the United States. 




5 The geographic residence of patients served during the calendar year is generally the same as the health center service area and should generally align with 
the ZIP codes recorded in the health center scope of project. 

Unknown ZIP Code 

In rare instances, for patients whose residence is not known or for whom a proxy ZIP code is not available, report 
residence in the “Unknown” category. 

Ten or Fewer Patients in ZIP Code 

To ease the burden of reporting, combine and report patients from ZIP codes that have 10 or fewer patients in the 
“Other ZIP Codes” category. 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR PATIENTS BY MEDICAL INSURANCE 

• Report the patient’s primary medical insurance covering medical care, if any, as of their last visit during 
the calendar year. 
• Report primary medical insurance for all patients, regardless of the services they receive. This applies to 
patients who did not receive medical care, such as dental-only or behavioral health-only patients, as well as 
patients whose medical insurance did not cover the service. 
• Report patients’ ZIP code by their primary medical insurance. 
• DO NOT report children as Uninsured unless they are receiving minor consent services or their family is 
uninsured. 
• DO NOT report patients as Uninsured simply because they are receiving a service that is not covered by 
health insurance. 


Insurance Categories 

Primary medical insurance is the insurance plan that the health center would typically bill first for medical 
services, even if that insurance pays for none or only a portion of the visit. Specific rules guide reporting: 

• The categories for this table are slightly different from those on Table 4; they combine Medicaid, Children’s 
Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Other Public into one category. 
• Report patients who have both Medicare website
and Medicaid website.
(dually eligible) as Medicare patients, because 
Medicare is billed before Medicaid. The exception to the Medicare-first rule is the Medicare-enrolled patient 
who is still working and insured by both an employer-based plan and Medicare. In this case, the primary 
health insurance is the employer-based plan, which is billed first. 
• Report Medicare administered by a private insurance company as Medicare. 
• Report Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) webpage on medicaid website.
patients enrolled in a managed care plan administered by a private insurance 
company as Medicaid/CHIP/Other Public. 
• Report the patient by their medical insurance, even if for some reason the health center does not bill the 
specified insurance. 
• Report only third-party insurance that patients carry. Section 330 grant awards used to serve special medically 
underserved populations (e.g., MSAW, HP, RPH) are NOT a form of medical insurance. 
• Report justice-involved patients as Uninsured (whether they were seen in the correctional facility or at the 
health center), unless Medicaid or other insurance covers them, and at the ZIP code of the carceral facility. 
• In instances where patients reside in residential drug programs, college dorms, or military barracks, report the 
patient as living at the ZIP code of the residential program, dorm, or barrack and by their primary medical 
insurance, NOT as Uninsured. 



• Report patients whose care is paid for by state or local government indigent care programs as Uninsured. 
• Report patients who received insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace as Private. 


FAQ FOR PATIENTS BY ZIP CODE TABLE 

1. Do we need to collect information and report on the ZIP code of all our patients? 

Yes. Although health centers report residence by ZIP code for all patients, some centers may draw patients 
from multiple ZIP codes outside of their normal service area. To ease the burden of reporting, combine ZIP 
codes with 10 or fewer patients in the “Other” category. 


2. Do we need to collect information and report on the primary medical insurance of all our patients? 

Yes. Although the ZIP code of a patient may be Unknown, medical insurance information must be obtained 
for every individual counted as a patient. 


3. If a patient did not receive medical care, do we still need their medical insurance information? What 
about dental patients? 

Yes. This information is about patients’ primary medical insurance resources, not billing. Obtain medical 
insurance information for all patients, even dental-only patients. For example, if a patient received only 
mental health services, still determine whether they have primary medical insurance and report it. 


4. How do we report patients by insurance when we DO NOT bill that form of insurance? 

All patients must be asked for their primary medical insurance, generally through the patient registration 
process, although it may be explained to them that this is required for planning purposes and that their 
insurance will not be billed. Report the patient by their primary medical insurance, even in those instances 
that the health center does not or cannot bill to that insurance. For example, report patients enrolled in 
managed care Medicaid but assigned to another primary care provider as Medicaid, and report patients with 
private insurance for which the health center’s providers have not been credentialed as Private. 


5. How do we report patients by insurance who have their care subsidized by an indigent care program? 

Report patients as Uninsured when their care is subsidized by a state or local government indigent care 
program. Examples include New Jersey’s Uncompensated Care Program, New York’s Public Goods Pool 
Funding, and Colorado’s Indigent Care Program. 


6. We see children at local schools. Do we include the patients seen in the report? 

Report children served in school-based service sites only if they have completed clinic intake forms that show 
insurance status and family/household income and the patient had a countable visit
. If the patient had a 
countable visit, report the patient by ZIP code of residence by primary medical insurance. 


7. Does the number of patients reported by ZIP code need to equal the total number of unduplicated 
patients reported on Tables 3A, 3B, and 4? 

Yes. Several tables and sections must match: 

• The total number of patients reported by ZIP code (including Unknown and Other) on the Patients by ZIP 
Code Table must equal the number of total unduplicated patients reported on Table 3A, the race and 
ethnicity section totals of Table 3B, and the income and insurance section totals of Table 4. 






• The insurance totals reported on the Patients by ZIP Code Table must equal insurance reported on Table 
4. Specifically: 

Circle used as bullet 
The total for Patients by ZIP Code Table Column B (Uninsured) must equal Table 4, Line 7, Columns 
A + B. 
Circle used as bullet 
The total for Patients by ZIP Code Table Column C (Medicaid/CHIP/Other Public) must equal the 
sum of Table 4, Line 8, Columns A + B and Line 10, Columns A + B. 
Circle used as bullet 
The total for Patients by ZIP Code Table Column D (Medicare) must equal Table 4, Line 9, Columns 
A + B. 
Circle used as bullet 
The total for Patients by ZIP Code Table Column E (Private) must equal Table 4, Line 11, Columns 
A + B. 









PATIENTS BY ZIP CODE TABLE 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

ZIP Code 
(a) 
None/ 
Uninsured 
(b) 
Medicaid/ 
CHIP/Other Public 
(c) 
Medicare 
(d) 
Private 
(e) 
Total 
Patients (f) 
Other ZIP Codes 
Unknown Residence 
Total 

Note: The actual output from the EHBs will display ZIP codes entered by the health center in Column A. 

Patients by ZIP Code Table Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Patients by ZIP Code Table and Tables 3A, 3B, and 4 describe the same patients and the totals must be equal. 
• The number of patients by insurance source reported on the Patients by ZIP Code Table must be consistent 
with the number of patients by insurance category reported on Table 4. 



Instructions for Tables 3A and 3B 

Tables 3A and 3B collect demographic data (age, sex, race, ethnicity, and language) for patients who accessed 
services during the calendar year. This information must be collected from patients initially as part of the patient 
registration or intake process and updated or confirmed annually thereafter. 

Table 3A: Patients by Age and by Sex – Instructions 

Table 3A provides an unduplicated count of each patient’s age and sex. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this table. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

• Report the number of patients by appropriate categories for age and sex. 
• Use the individual’s age on December 31, 2025. 
• Report the date of birth and sexReference 6
listed on the birth certificate for all patients. There is no “Unknown” or 
“Other” category on this table. 


Note: On the non-prenatal portions of Tables 6B and 7, age is defined differently by measure. Thus, the numbers 
on Table 3A may not be the same as those on Tables 6B and 7 (though they will usually be similar). 

6 “Sex” refers to an individual’s immutable biological classification as either male or female. 

Table 3B: Demographic Characteristics – Instructions 

Table 3B provides an unduplicated count of patients by demographic characteristics. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

A key change has been made to Table 3B, as outlined below: 

• The previous Table 3B, Lines 13-26, are no longer to be reported. 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

Report the number of patients by their self-identified race, ethnicity, and language preference. 

PATIENTS BY HISPANIC, LATINO/A, OR SPANISH ETHNICITY AND RACE (LINES 1–8) 

Table 3B displays the race and ethnicity of the patient population in a matrix format. This allows for reporting on 
the racial and ethnic identification of all patients. 

United States government webpage on Content Details of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Ethnicity 


Table 3B collects information on whether or not patients consider themselves to be of Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish ethnicity, regardless of their race. 


Columns A1 –A5 
(Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin) 
Column B 
(Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin) 
Column C 
(Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose 
Ethnicity) 
• Report the number of patients of 
Mexican, including Mexican 
American and Chicano/a (Column 
A1), Puerto Rican (Column A2), 
Cuban (Column A3), another 
Spanish culture or origin (Column 
A4), or Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish origin combined (Column 
A5), broken out by their racial 
identification. Include in this count 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
origin patients born in the United 
States or another country. 
• Report patients who are of 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
origin but for whom granularity of 
ethnicity is not known, as well as 
patients who select more than one 
ethnicity, in Column A5 (e.g., 
Mexican and Puerto Rican). 
• Report patients who self-report as 
being of Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish ethnicity but DO NOT 
separately select a race on Line 7, 
as “Unreported/Chose not to 
disclose race.” Health centers 
should not default these patients to 
any other category. 
• DO NOT include patients from 
Portugal, Brazil, or Haiti whose 
ethnicity is not otherwise tied to the 
Spanish language, unless they self-
identify as being of Hispanic, 
Latino/a, or Spanish origin. 


• Report the number of patients who 
indicate that they are NOT of 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
origin. 
• If a patient self-reported a race but 
has not made a selection for the 
Hispanic/Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish origin question, presume 
that the patient is NOT of Hispanic, 
Latino/a, or Spanish origin. 


• Report on Line 7 only those 
patients who left the entire race and 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
ethnicity part of the intake form 
blank or those who indicated that 
they choose not to disclose these 
data. Only one cell is available in 
this column. 


Note: Column C is grayed out on 
all race lines except for the 
“Unreported/Chose not to disclose 
race” line. 




Race 

All patients must be classified in one of the racial categories. 

• Report patients in one of 16 race categories: 

Circle used as bullet
Line 1, Asian, as Asian Indian (Line 1a), Chinese (Line 1b), Filipino (Line 1c), Japanese (Line 1d), 
Korean (Line 1e), Vietnamese (Line 1f), or Other Asian (Line 1g) 
Circle used as bullet
Line 2, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, as Native Hawaiian (Line 2a), Other Pacific Islander 
(Line 2b), Guamanian or Chamorro (Line 2c), or Samoan (Line 2d) 
Circle used as bullet
Line 3, Black or African American 
Circle used as bullet
Line 4, American Indian/Alaska Native 
Circle used as bullet
Line 5, White 
Circle used as bullet
Line 6, More than one race 
Circle used as bullet
Line 7, Unreported/Chose not to disclose race 



• Patients categorized as “Asian/Asian American/Pacific Islander” in other systems are reported on the UDS in 
one of five distinct categories: 

Circle used as bullet
Line 1, Asian: Patients having ancestry in any of the original peoples of Asia, Southeast Asia, or the 
Indian subcontinent including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, 
the Philippine Islands, Indonesia, Thailand, or Vietnam. 

Square used as bullet
Include in the Other Asian category patients who are Asian, but for whom the granularity of their race 
is not known, as well as patients who select more than one of the Asian subcategories listed (e.g., 
Chinese and Filipino). 



Circle used as bullet
Line 2a, Native Hawaiian: Patients having ancestry in any of the original peoples of Hawai’i. 
Circle used as bullet
Line 2b, Other Pacific Islander: Patients having ancestry in any of the original peoples of Tonga, Palau, 
Chuuk, Yap, Kosrae, Ebeye, Pohnpei, or other Pacific Islands in Melanesia or Oceana. 

Square used as bullet
Include in the Other Pacific Islander category patients who are of other Pacific islands not reported on 
Lines 2a, 2c, or 2d, as well as patients who are of other Pacific islands for whom the granularity of 
their race is not known. 



Circle used as bullet
Line 2c, Guamanian or Chamorro: Patients having ancestry in any of the original peoples of the 
Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Saipan, Tinian, Rota, or other Mariana Islands in Micronesia. 
Circle used as bullet
Line 2d, Samoan: Patients having ancestry in any of the original peoples of the Samoan Islands, Savai’i, 
Manono, Upolu, Tutuila, Pola Island, Aunu’u, or other Samoan Islands in American Samoa or Polynesia. 

Square used as bullet
Include in the Other Pacific Islander category patients who are Other Pacific Islander but for whom 
the granularity of their race is not known, as well as patients who select more than one of the Other 
Pacific Islander subcategories (e.g., Guamanian and Samoan). 






• Report patients who trace their ancestry to any of the original peoples of North, South, and Central America 
and who maintain tribal affiliation or community attachment on Line 4, American Indian/Alaska Native. 
• Report patients who trace their ancestry to any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North 
Africa on Line 5, White. 
• Line 6, More than one race: Use this line only if your system captures multiple races and the patient has 
chosen two or more races (but not a race and an ethnicity). This is usually done with an intake form that lists 





the races and tells the patient to “check one or more” or “check all that apply.” “More than one race” must 
NOT appear as a selection option on your intake form. 

Circle used as bullet
Report patients who select multiple races within the Asian or Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander race 
categories on the “other” race line for that category. DO NOT report these patients on Line 6, More than 
one race. 

Square used as bullet
Report patients who select multiple Asian races (Lines 1a–1f) as Other Asian (Line 1g). 
Square used as bullet
Report patients who select multiple Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander races (Lines 2a–2c) as 
Other Pacific Islander (Line 2d). 



Circle used as bullet
DO NOT use “More than one race” for Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish people who DO NOT select a race. 
Report these patients on Line 7 (Unreported/Chose not to disclose), as noted above. 



• Report patients who did not provide their race, including when information was sought but not found or asked 
but unknown, on Line 7, Unreported/Chose not to disclose race. 
• Report patients who self-report their race but DO NOT indicate if they are Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
origin in Column B as not of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin on the appropriate race line. 


PATIENTS BEST SERVED IN A LANGUAGE OTHER THAN ENGLISH (LINE 12) 

This section of Table 3B identifies the patients who may have linguistic barriers to care. 

• Report on Line 12 the number of patients who are best served in a language other than English, including 
those who are best served in sign language. This line does not discern between written and spoken preference; 
it could be either or both. 
• Include those patients who were served in a second language by a bilingual provider, a third-party interpreter, 
and those who may have brought their own interpreter. 
• Include patients who are best served in a language other than English, even when the health center is in an 
area where a language other than English is the dominant language, such as Puerto Rico or the Pacific Islands. 


FAQ FOR TABLES 3A AND 3B 

1. Our health center collects different race and ethnicity data than required by the UDS. Why are the 
data collected at this level? 

The UDS classifications are consistent with the guidance issued by the Office of Management and Budget 
(The white house webpage on Content Details of OMB 
) prior to 2025 titled “The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE) webpage on Content Details of U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Implementation Guidance on Data Collection Standards for Race, Ethnicity, Sex, Primary Language, and Disability Status.
” These 
standards govern the categories used to collect and present federal data on race and ethnicity. Prior to 2025 
and before implementation of OMB’s Statistical Policy Directive No. 15 ( S P D 
15), OMB required a 
minimum of five categories (White, Black or African American, American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, 
and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander) for race. While SPD 15 requirements are effective as of 
March 28, 2024, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) agencies have until March 28, 2029, 
to come into full compliance. HRSA is currently working with health centers and health information 
technology vendors supporting health centers to meet the additional reporting requirements. For now, HRSA 
remains aligned with the previous requirements. HHS data standards that were in place prior to 2025 and used 
for the reporting of race and ethnicity for Table 3B are based on the disaggregation of the OMB standard. 





2. Do we have to report the race and ethnicity of all our patients? 

Yes. Health centers whose data systems DO NOT support such reporting must enhance their systems to 
permit the required level of reporting, rather than using the “Unreported/Chose not to disclose” categories. If 
a patient self-identifies as of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin with no distinction within the subcategories 
listed (Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano/a, Puerto Rican, Cuban, another Spanish origin), 
report the patient in Column A5. Also report patients who report more than one ethnicity (e.g., Hispanic and 
other Spanish origin) in Column A5. 


3. How are patients of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity reported? 

Race and ethnicity data appear in a matrix on Table 3B. Patients who in other systems might be reported as 
Hispanic or Latino/a independent of race are reported in Column A (in one of the detail columns, A1–A4) of 
Table 3B of the UDS as of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin and reported on Lines 1–7 based on their 
race. If Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity is the only identification recorded in the center’s patient files, 
report these patients in Column A on Line 7 as having an “unreported” racial identification, and update your 
data system to permit the collection of both race and ethnicity for future reporting. 


4. Can we have a choice on our registration form of “more than one race”? 

No. To count patients as being of “more than one race,” they must have the option of checking two or more 
boxes under race and must have indeed checked more than one. Do not include “more than one race” as an 
option on registration forms. 


5. How are patients who receive different types of services or use more than one of our health center’s 
service delivery sites reported? For example, how do we report a patient who receives both medical and 
dental services or a patient who receives primary care from one service delivery site but gets prenatal 
care at another? 

The Patients by ZIP Code Table and Tables 3A, 3B, and 4 each provide an unduplicated patient count. Count 
each individual who has at least one visit reported on Table 5 only once on the Patients by ZIP Code Table 
and Tables 3A, 3B, and 4, regardless of the type or number of services they receive or where they receive 
them. We define visits in detail in the Instructions for Tables that Report Visits, Patients, and Providers 
section. Note the following: 

DO NOT count individuals who: 

• receive Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) services and no other services at the health center as 
patients on Table 3A or 3B (or anywhere in the UDS). 
• only receive imaging or lab services or whose only service was an immunization or screening test as 
patients on Table 3A or 3B (or anywhere in the UDS). 
• only receive health status checks and health screenings as patients on Table 3A or 3B (or anywhere in the 
UDS). 



6. Do we exclude from the UDS Report a patient who died during the calendar year? 

No. If a patient was seen before their death during the calendar year, include the patient and their visits in all 
applicable areas of the UDS Report, including their demographics, services, and clinical care details. 





7. Should the totals on Tables 3A and 3B be equal to UDS totals reported on other tables or sections? 

Yes. 

The sum of Table 3A, Line 39, Columns A and B (total patients by age and by sex) must equal: 

• Patients by ZIP Code Table total; 
• Table 3B, Line 8, Column D (total patients by Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity and race); 
• Table 4, Line 6 (total patients by income); and 
• Table 4, Line 12, Columns A and B (total patients by insurance status). 


The sum of Table 3A, Lines 1–18, Columns A and B (total patients age 0–17 years) must equal: 

• Table 4, Line 12, Column A (total patients age 0–17 years). 


The sum of Table 3A, Lines 19–38, Columns A and B (total patients age 18 and older) must equal: 

• Table 4, Line 12, Column B (total patients age 18 and older). 



8. I have multiple, separate data systems. How do I include their data on these tables? 

It is the health center’s responsibility to make sure there is no duplication of data. Count patients only once, 
regardless of the number of different types of services they receive. This may require the downloading and 
merging of data from each system to eliminate duplicates or checking them manually. This can be a time-
consuming and potentially expensive process and should start as soon as the year ends to ensure sufficient 
time for completion before the submission due date. 





TABLE 3A: PATIENTS BY AGE AND BY SEX 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Age Groups 
Male Patients 
(a) 
Female Patients 
(b) 
1 Under age 1 
2 Age 1 
3 Age 2 
4 Age 3 
5 Age 4 
6 Age 5 
7 Age 6 
8 Age 7 
9 Age 8 
10 Age 9 
11 Age 10 
12 Age 11 
13 Age 12 
14 Age 13 
15 Age 14 
16 Age 15 
17 Age 16 
18 Age 17 
19 Age 18 
20 Age 19 
21 Age 20 
22 Age 21 
23 Age 22 
24 Age 23 
25 Age 24 
26 Ages 25–29 
27 Ages 30–34 
28 Ages 35–39 
29 Ages 40–44 
30 Ages 45–49 
31 Ages 50–54 
32 Ages 55–59 
33 Ages 60–64 
34 Ages 65–69 
35 Ages 70–74 
36 Ages 75–79 
37 Ages 80–84 
38 Age 85 and over 
39 Total Patients 
(Sum of Lines 1–38) 

Table 3A Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Table 3A, Line 39 = Table 3B, Line 8, Column D = total patients on the Patients by ZIP Code Table = Table 
4, Lines 6 and 12. 
• If you submit Grant Reports, the total number of patients reported on each grant table must be less than or 
equal to the corresponding number on the Universal Report for each cell. 



TABLE 3B: DEMOGRAPHIC CHARACTERISTICS 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Patients by Race and 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish Ethnicity 

Line Patients by Race 
Yes, 
Mexican, 
Mexican 
American, 
Chicano/a 
(a1) 
Yes, 
Puerto 
Rican 
(a2) 
Yes, 
Cuban 
(a3) 
Yes, 
Another 
Hispanic, 
Latino/a, or 
Spanish 
Origin 
(a4) 
Yes, 
Hispanic, 
Latino/a, 
Spanish 
Origin, 
Combined 
(a5) 
Total Hispanic, 
Latino/a, or 
Spanish Origin 
(a) (Sum 
Columns a1 + 
a2 + a3 + a4 + 
a5) 
Not 
Hispanic, 
Latino/a, 
or 
Spanish 
Origin 
(b) 
Unreported 
/ Chose Not 
to Disclose 
Ethnicity 
(c) 
Total 
(d) 
(Sum 
Columns 
a+b+c) 
1a Asian Indian 
1b Chinese 
1c Filipino 
1d Japanese 
1e Korean 
1f Vietnamese 
1g Other Asian 
1 
Total Asian (Sum Lines 
1a+1b+1c+1d+1e+1f+1g) 
2a Native Hawaiian 
2b Other Pacific Islander 
2c Guamanian or Chamorro 
2d Samoan 
2 
Total Native 
Hawaiian/Other Pacific 
Islander 
(Sum Lines 2a+2b+2c+2d) 
3 Black or African American 
4 
American Indian/Alaska 
Native 
5 White 
6 More than one race 
7 
Unreported/Chose not to 
disclose race 
8 
Total Patients 
(Sum of Lines 1 + 2 + 3 to 
7) 


Line Patients Best Served in a Language Other than English 
Number 
(a) 
12 Patients Best Served in a Language Other than English 

Table 3B Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Table 3B, Line 8 = Table 3A, Line 39 = Patients by ZIP Code Table = Table 4, Lines 6 and 12. 
• Tables 3B and 7 both report patients by race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity. The data sources for 
identifying race and ethnicity for the two tables should be the same, and the number of patients reported on 
Table 7 by race and ethnicity cannot exceed the number of patients in the same category on Table 3B. 
• If you submit Grant Reports, the total number of patients reported on each grant table must be less than or 
equal to the corresponding number on the Universal Report for each cell. 



Instructions for Table 4: Selected Patient Characteristics 

Table 4 collects descriptive data on selected characteristics of health center patients. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this table. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

INCOME AS A PERCENTAGE OF POVERTY GUIDELINE, LINES 1–6 

The report should include the most current income data for all patients (not only from patients eligible for a 
sliding fee discount), which must have been collected at or within 12 months of the last calendar year visit. 

Determine a patient’s income relative to the 2025 The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE) webpage on Content Details of federal poverty guidelines (FPG)
. 

• Report patients by income, as defined by the health center’s board policy consistent with the HRSA Health Center Program webpage on Content Details of Health Center Program Compliance Manual
. Children, except for emancipated minors or those presenting for minor consent 
services, should be classified using their parents’ or guardians’ income. 
• Report patients whose information was not collected at or within 12 months of their last visit in the calendar 
year on Line 5 as “Unknown.” 
• Self-declaration of income from patients is acceptable as long as that is consistent with the health center’s 
board-approved policies and procedures for collecting these data. This option is particularly important for 
those patients whose wages are paid in cash and who have no means of documenting their income. If income 
information consistent with the health center’s board policy is lacking, report the patient as having 
“Unknown” income. 
• DO NOT allocate patients with “Unknown” income to the other income groups. 
• DO NOT classify a patient who is in the homeless population, is a migratory or seasonal agricultural worker, 
or is on Medicaid as having income below the FPG based on these factors alone. 


PRIMARY THIRD-PARTY MEDICAL INSURANCE, LINES 7–12 

This portion of the table provides data on patients classified by their age and primary source of insurance for 
medical care. Health centers are required to collect medical insurance information each calendar year from all 
patients to maximize third-party payments. Note that there is NO “Unknown” insurance classification on this 
table. DO NOT report other forms of insurance, such as dental, mental health, or vision coverage. Also note that 
states often rename federal insurance programs, such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and 
Medicaid. 

• Report the primary medical insurance patients had at the time of their last visit, regardless of whether that 
insurance was billed or paid for any or all of the visit services. 

Note: If a patient’s medical insurance is NOT known but they have dental insurance through Medicaid, a 
private insurer, or another public insurance source at the time of their last visit, you may assume the patient 
has the same source of medical insurance as they have for dental. Although, if they DO NOT have dental 
insurance at the time of their last visit, you may NOT assume they are Uninsured for medical care. In that 
case, you must determine whether they have medical insurance. 


• Patient primary medical insurance is classified into seven types, as shown on the following pages. 



• In rare instances, a patient may have insurance that the health center cannot or does not bill. Even in these 
instances, report the patient as being insured and report the type of insurance. 
• Patients are divided into two age groups: 0–17 (Column A) and 18 and older (Column B) based on their age 
on December 31, 2025 (consistent with ages reported on Table 3A). 
• DO NOT report public programs that reimburse for selected services, such as the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment (E P S D T) program; Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program (B C C E D P); or Title X, as a patient’s primary medical insurance. 
Note: Report the revenue from public programs that reimburse for selected services as Other Public payers on 
Table 9D. 




None/Uninsured (Line 7) 

Report patients who did NOT have medical insurance at the time of their last visit on Line 7. This may include 
patients who were insured earlier in the year and patients whose visit was paid for by a third-party source that was 
not insurance, such as EPSDT, BCCEDP, Title X, or some state or local safety net or indigent care programs. 
Some considerations: 

• Report a minor receiving services with parental consent under the family’s insurance. 
• Report children seen in a school-based service site under their parent’s health insurance. This information 
must be obtained if they are to be included in the UDS Report. Report emancipated minors or patients seeking 
minor consent services permitted in the state, such as voluntary family planning or mental health services, as 
Uninsured if they DO NOT have access to the parent’s information. 
• Presume a patient with Medicaid, Private, or Other Public dental insurance to have the same kind of medical 
insurance. If a dental patient does not have dental insurance, you may NOT assume that they are uninsured 
for medical care. Instead, obtain this information from the patient. 
• Patients served in correctional facilities may be classified as Uninsured unless there is documentation of 
insurance, such as Medicaid or Medicare, in which case report them on that insurance line. 
• Obtain the coverage information of patients in facilities (other than correctional), such as residential drug 
programs, college dorms, and military barracks. DO NOT assume them to be uninsured. 
• DO NOT report patients as Uninsured if they have medical insurance that did not pay for their visit. Report 
them with the primary medical insurance they have. 


Medicaid (Line 8a) 

Report patients covered by state-run programs operating under the guidelines of Titles XIX and XXI (as 
appropriate) of the Social Security Act. 

• Include Medicaid programs known by state-specific names (e.g., California’s “Medi-Cal” program). 
• Include patients covered by “state-only” programs covering individuals who are ineligible for federal 
matching funds (e.g., pregnant women) and paid through Medicaid, if they cannot otherwise be identified as 
having another insurance. 
• Report patients enrolled in both Medicaid and Medicare on Lines 9 (Medicare) and 9a (Dually Eligible), but 
not on Line 8a (Medicaid). 
• Report patients who are enrolled in Medicaid but receive services through a managed care plan administered 
by a private insurer that contracts with the state Medicaid agency on Line 8a (Medicaid), not as privately 



insured (Line 11). This also applies in states that have a Medicaid waiver permitting Medicaid funds to be 
used to purchase private insurance for services. 


CHIP Medicaid (Line 8b) 

Report patients covered by the CHIP Reauthorization Act and provided through the state’s Medicaid program. 

• In states that use Medicaid to handle the CHIP program, it is sometimes difficult or impossible to distinguish 
between “Medicaid” and “CHIP Medicaid.” In other states, the distinction is readily apparent (e.g., they have 
different cards). Even where it is not obvious, CHIP patients might still be identifiable from a “plan” code or 
some other embedded code in the membership number. This may also vary from county to county within a 
state. Obtain information on coding practice from the state and/or county. 
• If there is no way to distinguish between Medicaid and CHIP administered through Medicaid, classify all 
covered patients as Medicaid (Line 8a). 


Medicare (Line 9) 

Report patients with the following primary medical insurance on Line 9, Medicare, only. DO NOT include them 
on Line 9a (Dually Eligible), or on another insurance line: 

• Patients covered by the federal insurance program for the aged, blind, and disabled (Title XVIII of the Social 
Security Act). 
• Patients who have Medicare and a private (“Medigap”) insurance. 
• Patients enrolled in “Medicare Advantage” products, even though their services were covered by a private 
insurance company. 


Report patients who have Medicare and Medicaid (“dually eligible”) on Line 9. In addition, report them on Line 
9a (Dually Eligible). 

Report Medicare-enrolled patients who are still working and are insured by both an employer-based plan and 
Medicare as Private Insurance on Line 11, because the employer-based insurance plan is billed first. DO NOT 
include them as Medicare on Line 9 or Dually Eligible on Line 9a. 

Dually Eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) (Line 9a) 

Report patients with both Medicare and Medicaid insurance on Line 9a and include them on Line 9. Line 9a 
(Dually Eligible) is a subset of Line 9 (Medicare). 

• Report patients who are dually eligible and enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid. 
• Report patients who are enrolled in Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan. 
• DO NOT include Medicare gap “Medigap” (supplemental insurance plan) enrollees on Line 9a. Report 
patients who buy Medicare gap insurance as Medicare patients, on Line 9. 


Other Public Insurance (Non-CHIP) (Line 10a) 

Report state and/or local government programs that provide a broad set of benefits for eligible individuals. 
Include any public-paid or subsidized private insurance not reported elsewhere on Table 4. 

• Report Medicaid expansion programs (such as state premium assistance programs) using Medicaid funds to 
help patients purchase their insurance through exchanges as Medicaid (Line 8a) if it is possible to identify 
them. Otherwise, report them as Private Insurance (Line 11). 



• DO NOT report any CHIP, Medicaid, or Medicare patients on Line 10a. 
• DO NOT report uninsured individuals whose visit may be covered by a public source with limited benefits, such as Title X, EPSDT, BCCEDP, or A I D S Drug Assistance Program providing pharmaceutical coverage for patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 
Note: Public programs that reimburse for selected services are, however, considered Other Public payers on 
Table 9D. 


• DO NOT include patients covered by workers’ compensation (which is liability insurance for the employer—
not health insurance for the patient). 
• DO NOT include patients who have insurance through federal or state insurance exchanges, regardless of the 
extent to which their premium cost is subsidized (in whole or in part). Report them as Private Insurance (Line 
11). 


Other Public Insurance CHIP (Line 10b) 

Report patients on the Other Public Insurance CHIP line in states where CHIP is contracted through a private 
third-party payer. 

• Report CHIP programs that are run through the private sector, often administered through health maintenance organizations (H M Os). Coverage may appear to be a private insurance plan (such as Blue Cross/Blue Shield) but is funded through CHIP and is to be counted on Line 10b. 
• Report CHIP patients who are on plans administered by Medicaid coordinated care organizations (C C Os). 
• DO NOT report CHIP as Private Insurance. 


Private Insurance (Line 11) 

Report patients with health insurance provided by private (commercial) and not-for-profit companies. 

• Individuals may obtain insurance through employers or on their own. 
• Include patients who purchase insurance through the federal or state exchanges. 
• In states using Medicaid expansion to support the purchase of insurance through exchanges, report patients 
covered under these plans on Line 8a (Medicaid). Report patients who are not identifiable as Medicaid 
patients on Line 11 (Private Insurance). 
• Private insurance includes insurance purchased for public employees or retirees, such as Tricare, Trigon, or 
the Federal Employees Benefits Program. 
• DO NOT report patients enrolled in “Medicare Advantage” as Private on Line 11. Report them as having 
Medicare on Line 9. 


MANAGED CARE UTILIZATION, LINES 13A–13C 

This part of Table 4 provides data on managed care enrollment during the calendar year and specifically reports 
on patient member months in health center contracted comprehensive medical managed care plans. The 
interpretation of what is managed care is evolving to reflect current practices, which is likely to result in some 
changes in reporting. 

• If patients are seen by the health center for services but are enrolled in (assigned and attributed to) a managed 
care plan elsewhere, DO NOT include them as part of the health center’s managed care reporting. 



• If the health center is responsible for the patient’s medical care (meaning that the patient is attributed to the 
health center), even if the patient goes elsewhere for some of their care, report the number of months the 
member was enrolled in a medical managed care plan on Lines 13a–13c. Report by managed care insurer and 
plan type. Include patients who are enrolled and assigned to a managed care plan with the health center even 
if they are not seen by the health center during the year. 
• DO NOT report in this section enrollees in primary care case management (P C C M) programs, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) patient-centered medical home (P C M H) demonstration grants, or other third-party plans that pay a monthly fee (often as low as $5 to $10 per member per month) to manage patient care, unless they are also enrolled in a comprehensive medical managed care plan. 
• DO NOT include managed care enrollees whose capitation or enrollment is limited to behavioral health or 
dental services only. (However, an enrollee who has medical and dental is counted.) 


Note: The determination of managed care reporting in the UDS is that the health center has a contractual 
agreement with a managed care organization or managed care plan, through which the health center is assigned 
patients and manages the comprehensive care of those patients, assuming some risk in the process. 

For example, the health center is measured on certain preventive care or quality indicators for assigned patients, 
where there is some risk, either upside (e.g., incentives, shared savings, additional financial gains) or upside and 
downside (e.g., potential financial gains or losses). 

Member Months 

A member month is defined as one individual enrolled in a managed care plan for one month. For example, an 
individual who is a member of a plan for a full year generates 12 member months; a family of five enrolled for 6 
months generates 30 member months (5 individuals × 6 months = 30 member months). 

Member month information is most often obtained from monthly enrollment lists generally supplied by managed 
care companies to their providers. Health centers should always save the information contained within these 
documents. In the event they have not been saved, health centers should request duplicates early to permit timely 
filing of the UDS Report. 

Note: It is possible for an individual to be enrolled in a managed care plan, assigned to a health center, and yet not 
seen during the calendar year. The member months for such individuals are still to be reported in this section. 
This is the only place on the UDS tables that may report an individual who is not being counted as a 
patient. 

Capitated Member Months (Line 13a) 

Report the total capitated managed care member months by source of payment. This is derived by adding the total 
enrollment reported from each capitated plan for each month. 

• A patient is in a capitated plan if the contract between the health center and the HMO, accountable care organization (A C O), or other similar plan stipulates that, for a flat payment per month, the health center will provide the patient all the services on a negotiated list. (Oregon plans should include enrollees in CCOs on this line.) 
• This usually includes, at a minimum, all medical office visits. 
• Payments are received (and reported on Table 9D) regardless of whether any service is rendered to the patient 
in that month. The capitated member months reported on Line 13a relate to the net capitated revenue reported 
on Table 9D, Lines 2a, 5a, 8a, and/or 11a. 



Fee-for-Service Member Months (Line 13b) 

Report the total fee-for-service managed care member months by source of payment. 

• A fee-for-service member month is defined as one patient being assigned to a health center or health center 
service delivery provider for one month, during which time the patient may receive contractually defined 
basic primary care services only from the health center but for whom the services are paid on a negotiated fee-
for-service basis. 
• There is a relationship between the fee-for-service member months reported on Line 13b and the revenue 
reported on Table 9D on Lines 2b, 5b, 8b, and/or 11b. 
• It is common for patients to have their primary care covered by capitation but other services (e.g., behavioral 
health or pharmacy) paid separately on a fee-for-service basis as a “carve-out
” in addition to the capitation. 
DO NOT include member months for individuals who receive “carved-out” services under a fee-for-service 
arrangement on Line 13b if those individuals have already been counted for the same month as a capitated 
member on Line 13a. 


SPECIAL MEDICALLY UNDERSERVED POPULATIONS, LINES 14–26 

This section asks for a count of patients from special medically underserved populations, including migratory and 
seasonal agricultural workers and their family members, homeless populations, patients who are served by school-
based service sites, patients who are veterans, and residents of public housingReference 7
. Awardees who receive funding 
from section 330(g) (MSAW) and section 330(h) (HP) must provide additional information on their migratory and 
seasonal agricultural employment and/or housing characteristics. 

• All health centers report these populations, regardless of whether they directly receive special medically 
underserved population funding. 
• The special medically underserved populations detailed below are not mutually exclusive. Patients can be 
reported in more than one category, as appropriate (e.g., a patient can be reported as both a veteran and 
homeless population). 


Total Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers and Their Family Members, 
Lines 14–16 

Total Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers or Their Family Members, Line 16: Report the total 
number of patients seen during the calendar year who were migratory and seasonal agricultural workers, family 
members of migratory and seasonal agricultural workers, or aged or disabled former migratory agricultural 
workers (as described in the statute section 330(g)(1)(B)). All health centers must report on this line, though for 
some the number may be zero. 

Only health centers that receive section 330(g) (MSAW) funding provide separate totals for migratory and 
seasonal agricultural workers on Lines 14 and 15. For section 330(g) awardees, the sum of Lines 14 + 15 = Line 
16. 

• For migratory and seasonal agricultural workers, report patients who meet the definition of agriculture as 
farming in all its branches, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)-developedThe United States government webpage on Content Details of North American Industry Classification System 
(N A I C S), and include seasonal workers included in codes 111 and 112 and all sub-codes therein, including sub-codes 1151 and 1152. 


7 Residents of public housing refers to patients who are served at a health center located in or immediately accessible to a public housing site. 

• Migratory and seasonal agricultural workers’ status must be verified at least every 2 years by MSAW 
awardees. 


Instructions for reporting migratory and seasonal agricultural workers: 

• Migratory Agricultural Workers, Line 14: Report patients whose principal employment is in agriculture 
and who establish a temporary home for the purposes of such employment as a migratory agricultural worker, 
as defined by section 330(g) of the Public Health Service (PHS) Act. Migratory agricultural workers are 
usually hired laborers who are paid piecework, hourly, or daily wages. Include patients who had such work as 
their principal employment within 24 months of their last visit during the calendar year, as well as their 
family members who have also used the center. The family members may or may not move with the worker 
or establish a temporary home. 

Note: Agricultural workers who leave a community to work elsewhere are classified as migratory agricultural 
workers even when served in their home community, as are those who migrate to a community to work there. 

Circle used as bullet 
Include aged and disabled former migratory agricultural workers, as defined in section 330(g)(1)(B), and 
their family members. Aged and disabled former migratory agricultural workers include those who were 
previously migratory agricultural workers but who no longer work in agriculture because of age or 
disability. 



• Seasonal Agricultural Workers, Line 15: Report patients whose principal employment is in agriculture on a 
seasonal basis (e.g., picking fruit during the limited months of a picking season), but who DO NOT establish 
a temporary home for purposes of such employment. Seasonal agricultural workers are usually hired laborers 
who are paid piecework, hourly, or daily wages. Include patients who have been so employed within 24 
months of their last visit during the calendar year, as well as their family members who are patients of the 
health center. 

Note: Seasonal agricultural workers may be employed throughout the year for multiple crop seasons and as a 
result might work full-time. 




Total Homeless Population, Lines 17–23 

Total Homeless Population, Line 23: Report the total number of patients known to have experienced 
homelessness at the time of any service provided during the calendar year, even if their housing situation 
changed during the year. Include patients on this line who experienced homelessness at any time during the year 
and were seen by the health center for services. All health centers must report on this line, though for some the 
number may be zero. 

Only health centers receiving section 330(h) (HP) funding provide separate totals for patients by housing location 
on Lines 17 through 22. For section 330(h) awardees, the sum of Lines 17 through 22 = Line 23. 

• Report patients who lack housing. Include patients whose primary residence during the night is a supervised 
public or private facility that provides temporary living accommodations. Include patients who reside in 
transitional housing or permanent supportive housing. 
• Children and youth at risk of homelessness, homeless veterans, and veterans at risk of homelessness may be 
included.Reference 8


Homeless population includes patients who at any point during the calendar year experienced homelessness or 
were at risk of homelessness for up to 12 months after they were last documented to experience homelessness. 

8 Health centers may use criteria as defined by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 
website.
(HUD) to assist in defining “children and youth at 
risk of homelessness, homeless veterans, and veterans at risk of homelessness.” 

Housing status is based on the housing arrangement at the first visit during the calendar year when the patient is 
identified as experiencing homelessness. 

HP awardees will provide detail on patients experiencing homelessness by the type of shelter arrangement the 
patients had when they were first encountered for a visit during the calendar year. The following applies when 
categorizing patients for Lines 17 through 22: 

• HP awardees must collect housing status at the first visit of the year when the patient was identified to be 
experiencing homelessness. 
• Report the patient’s shelter arrangement as of the first visit during the calendar year when the patient was 
identified as experiencing homelessness. The shelter arrangement is reported as where the patient was 
housed the prior night. 
• Report patients who spent the prior night in a carceral facility, in an institutional treatment program (e.g., 
mental health, substance use disorder [SUD]), or in a hospital based on where they intend to spend the night 
after their visit/release. If they DO NOT know, report their shelter arrangement as Street, on Line 20. 
• Shelter, Line 17: Report patients who are living in an organized shelter for individuals experiencing 
homelessness. Shelters that generally provide meals and a place to sleep are regarded as temporary and often 
limit the number of days or the hours of the day that a resident may stay at the shelter. 
• Transitional Housing, Line 18: Transitional housing units are generally small units (six people is common) 
where people transition from a shelter and are provided extended, but temporary, housing stays (generally 
between 6 months and 2 years) in a service-rich environment. Transitional housing provides a greater level of 
independence than traditional shelters and may require the resident to pay some or all of the rent, take part in 
the maintenance of the facility, and/or cook their own meals. Report only those patients who are transitioning 
from a homeless environment. DO NOT include those who are transitioning from a carceral facility or those 
residing in or transitioning from an institutional treatment program, the military, schools, or other institutions. 
• Doubled Up, Line 19: Report patients who are living with others. The arrangement is considered to be 
temporary and unstable, though a patient may live in a succession of such arrangements over a protracted 
period. DO NOT include the individual who invites a patient experiencing homelessness to stay in their home 
for the night. DO NOT include a co-tenant rental as doubled up. 
• Street, Line 20: Report in this category patients who are living outdoors, in a vehicle, in an encampment, in 
makeshift housing/shelter, or in other places generally not deemed safe or fit for human occupancy. 
• Permanent Supportive Housing, Reference 9
Line 21a: Permanent supportive housing usually is in service-rich 
environments, does not have time limits, and may be restricted to people with some type of disabling 
condition. 
• Other, Line 21: Report patients who were housed when first seen during the year and were no longer 
homeless, but who were still eligible for the program because they experienced homelessness during the 
previous 12 months. Under section 330(h), a health center may continue to provide services for up to 12 
months after last documentation as experiencing homelessness to patients whom the health center has 
previously served but are no longer in the homeless population as a result of becoming a resident in 
permanent housing. Include them in this category. Also include patients who reside in single-room-occupancy 
(SRO) hotels or motels and patients who reside in other day-to-day paid housing or other housing programs 
that are intended for people experiencing homelessness. 


9 Health centers may use the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) webpage on Content Details of criteria 
as defined by HUD to assist in defining US Department of Housing and Urban Development webpage on Content Details of permanent supportive housing
. 

• Unknown, Line 22: Report patients known to be experiencing homelessness whose housing arrangements are 
unknown. 
• DO NOT report patients currently residing in a carceral facility or an institutional treatment program as 
homeless until they are released to the street with no housing arrangement. 
• DO NOT report patients who are part of the foster system program and are placed with a family, group home, 
or in some other arrangement as homeless population. 


Total School-Based Service Site Patients, Line 24 

All health centers that identified a school-based service site (including at an in-scope mobile unit when it is 
parked at or on the grounds of a school) in their scope of project (as documented on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5B
) are to report the 
total number of patients who received health care services at the approved school-based service delivery site(s). 
Include patients who received countable visits within any of the service categories (medical, dental, mental health, 
SUD, other professional, vision, or enabling) when conducted at an approved school-based service site. All 
patient characteristic details are to be collected and reported. 

• Report patients served at in-scope school-based service sites located on school grounds, limited to preschool, 
kindergarten, and primary through secondary schools (exclude colleges and universities), that provide on-site 
health services. 
• Services are targeted to the students at the school but may also be provided to siblings or parents and may be 
provided to school staff or patients residing in the immediate vicinity of the school. 
• DO NOT include, as patients, students who only receive screening services or mass treatment, such as 
vaccinations or fluoride treatments, at a school. 
• All health centers that identified a school-based service site in their scope of project must report these 
populations, regardless of whether the health center directly received HRSA-administered school-based 
service site funding. 


Total Veterans, Line 25 

All health centers are to report the total number of patients who served in the active military, naval, or air service, 
which includes full-time service in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, Navy, Space Force, or as a 
commissioned officer of the Public Health Service or National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Also, 
include patients who served in the National Guard or Reserves on active-duty status. 

Include this question in the patient information/intake form at each service delivery site. 

• Report only those who affirmatively indicate they previously served in these branches of the military or 
armed forces. 
• DO NOT report patients who do not respond, regardless of other indicators. 
• DO NOT report veterans of other nations’ militaries, even if they served in wars in which the United States 
was also involved. 
• DO NOT report military members who served on active duty (full-time status in their military capacity) at the 
time of their last visit during the year. 
• DO NOT include family members or other Veterans Affairs beneficiaries who are not veterans. 



Total Residents of Public Housing, Line 26 

All health centers are to report all patients seen at a service delivery site located in or immediately accessible 
to public housing, regardless of whether the patients are residents of public housing or the health center receives 
funding under section 330(i) (RPH). 

• Report patients on this line if they are served at health center service delivery sites that meet the statutory 
definition for the RPH funding (located in or immediately accessible to public housing). 
• Report all patients seen at the health center service delivery site if it is located in or immediately accessible to 
agency-developed, -owned, or -assisted low-income housing, including mixed-finance projects. 
• This is the only field in the UDS Report that requires you to provide a count of all patients based on the 
health center service delivery site’s proximity to public housing. 
• DO NOT consider Section 8 housing units that receive no public housing agency support other than Section 8 
housing vouchers as public housing. 


Note: Not all patients served at service delivery sites located in or immediately accessible to public housing are 
themselves residents of public housing, but they are to be included in the count. 

FAQ FOR TABLE 4 

1. Do we determine a patient’s income relative to the FPG based on the location of the health center or 
based on the residence of the patient? 

Use the FPG based on the location of the health center. All states (except Alaska and Hawaii) and the U.S. 
territories use the same standard poverty guidelines. For patients being served in Alaska or Hawaii, use the 
FPG established for those locations. 


2. Patients who are experiencing homelessness or who are migratory and seasonal agricultural workers 
generally DO NOT have income verification. Can we report them as having income at 100% and below 
poverty? 

No. You can report them as having “Unknown” income, but not as having income below poverty unless you 
verify this at least annually. Subject to your health center’s financial policies and procedures, you may 
document their income in your system based on their verbal attestation of their income. 


3. We serve students at a school-based service site. They often DO NOT know what insurance they have, 
if any, and they have no information on their family’s/household’s income. Can we report them as 
having income at 100% and below poverty and Uninsured? 

No. You may not report them as having income below poverty and Uninsured. Obtain insurance information 
from the parents or guardians of students served at school-based service sites at the same time that you collect 
consent to treat, unless they are exclusively receiving minor consent services. Minor consent services are 
defined by state law and are generally limited to a very specific range of services, such as those related to 
contraception, sexually transmitted diseases, and mental health. Not all states provide for them. For all other 
services, children will require parental consent, and the consent form should include income and insurance 
information. 

Note: Subject to the health center’s policies and procedures, it is acceptable to ask for this information and to 
assure parents that you will not bill the insurance without their knowledge. If you DO NOT obtain the 
family’s/household’s income, report the child as having “Unknown” income. The patient’s health insurance 
information is required to be collected, even if it is not billed. 





4. If a patient is seen only for dental care, do we report the patient’s dental insurance on Lines 7–12? 

No. Table 4 reports only patients’ medical coverage. All health centers must collect medical coverage 
information from all patients, even if they have not been provided medical services. 


5. Our state is using Medicaid expansion provisions to assist patients with buying private insurance. 
Should we count them as Medicaid or Private? 

If patients are Medicaid expansion patients, report them as Medicaid, Line 8a (this may require looking for 
specific plan numbers or other identifying characteristics in patients’ insurance enrollment). If you are unable 
to identify Medicaid expansion patients, report them as Private, Line 11. 


6. Do we classify patients in the insurance section as Uninsured if their medical insurance did not pay for 
the visit? 

No. Always report patients based on their primary medical care insurance, even if the insurance did not pay or 
you are unable to bill for the service. Some examples follow: 

• Report a patient with Medicare who was seen for a dental visit that was not paid for by Medicare as 
having Medicare for this table. 
• Report a patient with private insurance who had not reached their deductible as a Private Insurance 
patient. 



7. Is it possible to have more members in one month (average) than total patients in an insurance 
category? 

It is possible for the number of member months for any one payer (e.g., Medicaid) to exceed 12 times the 
number of patients reported on the corresponding insurance line, especially when patients are enrolled in the 
managed care plan but they did not come to the health center during the calendar year. As a rule, there is a 
relationship between the member months reported on Lines 13a and 13b and the insured patients reported on 
Lines 7 through 11. 


8. If we do not receive direct HP, MSAW, or RPH funding, do we need to report the total number of 
special medically underserved population patients served? 

Yes. Even health centers that DO NOT receive grant funding for special medically underserved populations 
are required to complete the following: 

• Line 16 (the total number of patients seen during the calendar year who were migratory and seasonal 
agricultural workers or their family members)—but not Lines 14 and 15, 
• Line 23 (total number of patients known to be in the homeless population at any time of the year and 
received services during the calendar year)—but not Lines 17–22, 
• Line 24 (patients served at a school-based service site), 
• Line 25 (veterans), and 
• Line 26 (total residents of public housing). 


The housing status details on Lines 17–22 are grayed out if you did not receive HP funding—only enter the 
total on Line 23. 

The migratory and seasonal agricultural workers details on Lines 14 and 15 are grayed out if you did not 
receive MSAW funding—only enter the total on Line 16. 





9. What timing determines a patient’s homeless status and shelter arrangement? 

For all health centers (regardless of HP funding status), include the total number of patients who experienced 
homelessness at any point during the year and received services during the year on Line 23. 

For awardees that receive HP funding, continue to count patients seen who are no longer experiencing 
homelessness due to becoming residents of permanent housing for 12 months after their last visit as homeless. 

For awardees that receive HP funding, report all patients experiencing homelessness by their shelter 
arrangement on Lines 17–22. 

Asking health centers to report homeless population by their sheltering arrangements as of their first visit 
during the calendar year is intended to help health centers determine to which shelter arrangement they should 
report a patient if shelter status changes during the year. 


10. Who should be reported as Residents of Public Housing on Line 26? 

Report the total number of patients who were served at any health center service delivery site that you 
consider (based on the health center’s determination if any service delivery locations meet the statutory 
definition for RPH) to be located in or immediately accessible to public housing, regardless of whether or not 
the health center receives funding under section 330(i) (RPH), and regardless of whether or not patients 
resided in public housing. This is a site-based count, and the patient’s address or residence in public housing 
is not to be considered. 


11. We currently ask if a patient is a veteran as part of the registration process, but we are concerned that 
not all veterans are responding accordingly. Are there suggestions? 

Yes. The way the question is asked makes a difference, and improving the wording can improve accuracy in 
the patients’ response to veteran status. For instance, health centers should ask, “Have you served in the 
United States military, armed forces, or uniformed services?” rather than simply asking, “Are you a 
veteran?” The broader phrasing captures those who may not identify as veterans but have served, including 
individuals from the U.S. Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marines, Navy, Space Force, National Guard, 
Reserves, or the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic & Atmospheric Association. 


12. Are patients who were dishonorably discharged or released considered veterans? 

No. Only patients who were discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable are considered 
and reported as veterans. 


13. Can patients served by mobile units at schools be considered school-based service site patients? 

Patients who receive a countable visit(s) within any of the seven service categories at an approved school-
based service site are considered school-based service site patients. This includes in-scope mobile units that 
serve patients on the grounds of a school. 


14. We have a nurse who provides case management and other enabling services to students at our school-
based service site. How should we report those visits, the patients, and personnel on the UDS Report? 

If the services provided by a provider 
during an encounter meet the countable visit 
definition, report the 
patient(s) and the visit(s) on the UDS Report. 

Case management (which is achieved when patients are assisted in the management of their health-related 
needs, including assessment of patient medical and/or social service needs; establishment of service plans; 
and maintenance of referral, tracking, and follow-up systems) and patient health education are the only 
countable enabling services, assuming the full UDS countable visit definition is met. Other enabling services, 
such as outreach, transportation, community health, and interpretation DO NOT count as visits in the UDS. 





In this case, when the nurse provides case management (rather than medical care services) as defined above, 
report the portion of this personnel’s FTE when dedicated as a case manager and the case management 
(enabling) visit(s) on Table 5, Line 24. 

In addition, report the total number of patients who had a countable visit within any of the seven service 
categories (e.g., medical, mental health, enabling) at an approved in-scope school-based service delivery 
site(s) on Table 4, Line 24. 


15. Do the totals need to equal other sections or tables? 

The following totals must be equal across tables and sections: 

• Patients by ZIP Code Table, Column B must equal Table 4, Line 7, Columns A and B. 
• Patients by ZIP Code Table, Column C must equal Table 4, Lines 8 and 10, Columns A and B. 
• Patients by ZIP Code Table, Column D must equal Table 4, Line 9, Columns A and B. 
• Patients by ZIP Code Table, Column E must equal Table 4, Line 11, Columns A and B. 
• The sum of Table 3A, Line 39, Columns A and B (total patients by age and sex) must equal Table 3B, 
Line 8, Column D (total patients by race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity); Table 4, Line 6 
(total patients by income); and Table 4, Line 12, Columns A and B (total patients by medical insurance 
status). 
• The sum of Table 3A, Lines 1–18, Columns A and B (total patients age 0–17 years) must equal Table 4, 
Line 12, Column A (total patients age 0–17 years). 
• The sum of Table 3A, Lines 19–38, Columns A and B (total patients age 18 and older) must equal Table 
4, Line 12, Column B (total patients age 18 and older). 
• The sum of Table 3A, Line 39, Columns A and B (total patients by age and sex) must equal Table 4, Line 
12, Columns A and B (total patients by insurance status). 


The same is true for each of the Grant Reports submitted. 





TABLE 4: SELECTED PATIENT CHARACTERISTICS 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Income as Percentage of Poverty Guideline 
Number of Patients 
(a) 
1 100% and below 
2 101–150% 
3 151–200% 
4 Over 200% 
5 Unknown 
6 TOTAL (Sum of Lines 1–5) 

Line Primary Third -Party Medical Insurance 
0 –17 years old 
(a) 
18 and older 
(b) 
7 None/Uninsured 
8a Medicaid (Title XIX) 
8b CHIP Medicaid 
8 Total Medicaid (Line 8a + 8b) 
9a Dually Eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) 
9 Medicare (Inclusive of dually eligible and other Title 
XVIII beneficiaries) 
10a Other Public Insurance (Non-CHIP) (specify
(Enter the Other Public Insurance (Non-CHIP) specify) 
) 
10b Other Public Insurance CHIP 
10 Total Public Insurance (Line 10a + 10b) 
11 Private Insurance 
12 TOTAL (Sum of Lines 7 + 8 + 9 +10 +11) 

Line Managed Care Utilization 
Medicaid 
(a) 
Medicare 
(b) 
Other Public 
Including 
Non -Medicaid 
CHIP 
(c) 
Private 
(d) 
TOTAL 
(e) 
13a Capitated Member Months 
13b Fee-for-service Member Months 
13c 
Total Member Months 
(Sum of Lines 13a + 13b) 


Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Special Medically Underserved Populations 
Number of Patients 
(a) 
14 Migratory Agricultural Workers or Their Family Members (330g awardees 
only) 
15 Seasonal Agricultural Workers or Their Family Members (330g awardees 
only) 
16 Total Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers or Their Family 
Members 
(All health centers report this line) 
17 Homeless Shelter (330h awardees only) 
18 Transitional (330h awardees only) 
19 Doubling Up (330h awardees only) 
20 Street (330h awardees only) 
21a Permanent Supportive Housing (330h awardees only) 
21 Other (330h awardees only) 
22 Unknown (330h awardees only) 
23 Total Homeless Population (All health centers report this line) 
24 Total School-Based Service Site Patients 
(All health centers report this line) 
25 Total Veterans (All health centers report this line) 
26 Total Residents of Public HousingReference 10
(All health centers report this line) 

Table 4 Cross-Table Considerations: 

• The total patients reported by insurance type must match on Table 4 (Lines 7–12) and the Patients by ZIP 
Code Table. For example, total Medicare patients on Table 4 (Line 9) must match the total of the Medicare 
Column D on the Patients by ZIP Code Table. 
• Charges and collections by payer on Table 9D relates to insurance enrollment on Table 4. For example, 
dividing Medicaid revenue on Table 9D, Line 3, Column B by Total Medicaid Patients on Table 4, Line 8 
equals the average collection per Medicaid patient. 
• Reporting of managed care revenue on Table 9D relates to member months on Table 4. Dividing managed 
care capitation revenue by member months equals average capitation per member per month (PMPM). For 
example, dividing Medicaid capitated revenue (Table 9D, Line 2a, Column B − (C1 + C2 + C3 − C4)) by 
Table 4, Line 13a, Column A equals Medicaid PMPM. 
• If you submit Grant Reports, the total number of patients reported on the grant table(s) must be less than or 
equal to the corresponding number on the Universal Report for each cell. 


10 
Residents of public housing refers to patients who are served at a health center located in or immediately accessible to a public housing site. 

Instructions for Table 5: Staffing and Utilization 

Table 5 includes two parts, the main part of Table 5 and the Selected Service Detail Addendum, which together 
collect data on services provided to patients during the calendar year. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

Key changes have been made to Table 5, as outlined below: 

• To ensure consistency and standardization of response options, drop-down selections have been added for 
common personnel included on Line 22, Other Professional, and Line 29a, Other Programs and Services. 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 5: STAFFING AND UTILIZATION 

The main part of this table provides a profile of health center personnel by full-time equivalent (FTE) (Column 
A), the number of clinic (in-person) visits they render (Column B), the number of virtual visits they render 
(Column B2), and the number of unduplicated patients served in each service category (Column C). 

Service categories that may reflect visits and patients include: 

• Medical 
• Dental 
• Mental health 
• Substance use disorder (SUD) 
• Other professional 
• Vision 
• Enabling 


The patient count will often involve duplication across service categories (e.g., a patient may be reported in both 
medical and dental patient counts), though it is always unduplicated within service categories (e.g., regardless of 
number of medical visits or types of medical providers seen, the patient is only counted once as a medical 
patient). This is unlike the Patients by ZIP Code Table and Tables 3A, 3B, and 4, where an unduplicated count of 
patients across all service categories is reported. 

The major staffing service categories on Table 5 are consistent with cost categories used for financial reporting 
and provide adequate detail on personnel categories for program planning and evaluation purposes. 

Personnel FTEs in Column A is reported only on the Universal Report table, not the Grant Report tables. Grant 
Reports provide data on patients served in whole or in part with section 330(h) (HP), section 330(g) (MSAW), 
and/or section 330(i) (RPH) funding and the visits they had during the year. This includes all visits supported with 
grant and non-grant funds. 

PERSONNEL FTES, COLUMN A 

Table 5 includes personnel FTE for all individuals who work in programs and activities that are within HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5B
of the health center’s scope of project for all service delivery sites included in the UDS. Report all personnel in 
terms of annualized FTEs. 


• Report FTEs of all personnel supporting health center operations defined by the scope of project in Column 
A. Personnel may provide services on behalf of the health center under many different arrangements, 
including but not limited to salaried full-time, salaried part-time, hourly wages,HRSA webpage on Content Details of National Health Service Corps (NHSC)
assignment, under contract (paid based on hours worked or FTE), interns, residents, 
preceptors, or donated time (volunteers). 
• DO NOT report FTEs for individuals who are paid by the health center on a fee-for-service basis in the FTE 
column, because their work is not based on time and there is no basis for determining their hours. Visits with 
providers paid through this arrangement are still reported in Column B or B2 and the patients who received 
those services are reported in Column C. 


Identifying Employment Type and Calculating FTEs 

The following describes the basis for determining someone’s employment type for purposes of reporting on FTEs: 

• One FTE (1.00) describes personnel who worked the equivalent of full-time for one full year. Each health 
center defines the number of hours for “full-time” work and may define it differently for different positions. 
• The FTE is based on employment agreements for providers and other personnel. 
• In some health centers, different positions have different definitions of full time. Positions should be 
calculated on whatever they have as a base number of hours. For example, if the employment contract for a 
position stated working 36 hours per week was full time ( 1.00 FTE), then an 18-hour-per-week personnel in 
this position would be considered 0.50 FTE. Likewise, some positions are considered 1.00 FTE for a 40-hour 
week, so personnel working 20 hours in this position would be considered 0.50 FTE. 
• The FTE of personnel receiving full-time benefits for the full year would be considered full-time = 1.00 FTE. 
• Hourly personnel who work more than full-time (i.e., overtime) will have an FTE greater than 1.00. 
• For personnel who do not receive all of the paid time off of full-time personnel (i.e., vacation, holidays, and 
sick benefits), the effective FTE is calculated by dividing worked hours by adjusted full-time hours (full-time 
hours minus paid time off hours that full-time personnel receive). 


Reporting FTEs on the Appropriate Line on Table 5 

Allocate all personnel time by function among the major service categories listed. With the exception of 
physicians and dentists (although there is an exception to this, below, for corporate-level activities), personnel 
time can be allocated across multiple lines if personnel have more than one distinct position (e.g., a nurse serving 
as a medical provider and as a case manager). This determination is at the discretion of the health center. 

Note: If a medical provider (for example, PA) exclusively provides another service (e.g., SUD or mental health 
treatment), does not provide medical care as part of their position, and has board certification or certification of 
added qualification in the specific service area, report them in the respective category of service they provide. 
Report costs in the corresponding category on Table 8A. 

DO NOT parse the components of an encounter. For example, the nurse who handles a referral after a visit as a 
part of that visit would not be allocated out of nursing. The nurse who collects vitals on a patient, who is then 
placed in the exam room, and later provides instructions on wound care, for example, would not have a portion of 
the time counted as health education—it is all a part of nursing. 

Report an individual who is employed as a full-time provider for a full year as 1.00 FTE regardless of the number 
of direct patient care hours they provide. Providers who have released time to compensate for on-call hours, have 
weekly administrative sessions when they DO NOT see patients, or receive paid leave for continuing education or 


other reasons are still considered full-time per their employment contract. Similarly, DO NOT count providers 
who are routinely required to work more than 40 hours per week as more than 1.00 FTE. 

Note: Count the FTE for obligated loan-repayment recipients. Also note that the Federally Qualified Health 
Center (FQHC) Medicare intermediary has different definitions for full-time providers; these are NOT to be used 
for UDS reporting. 

The time spent by providers doing tasks in what could be considered non-direct-service clinical activities, such as 
charting, reviewing labs, filling or renewing prescriptions, returning phone calls, arranging for referrals, 
participating in quality improvement (QI) activities, or supervising, is all considered part of their overall medical 
care services time and should not be separately reported in a non-clinical support category. 

The one exception to this rule is when a chief medical officer/medical director is engaged in non-clinical activities 
at the corporate level (e.g., attending board of directors or senior management meetings, advocating for the 
health center before the city council or Congress, writing grant applications, participating in labor negotiations, 
negotiating fees with insurance companies), in which case time can be allocated to the non-clinical support 
services category. This does not, however, include non-clinical activities in the medical area, such as supervising 
the clinical personnel, chairing or attending clinical meetings, developing clinical schedules, or writing clinical 
protocols. 

Example FTE calculations are provided in the FAQ for Table 5 and Selected Service Detail Addendum
. 

Personnel by Major Service Category 

Personnel are distributed into categories that reflect the types of services they provide as independent providers. 
Whenever possible, the contents of major service categories have been defined to be consistent with definitions 
used by Medicare. The following summarizes the personnel categories; a more detailed, though not exhaustive, 
list appears in Appendix A
. 

Medical Care Services (Lines 1–15) 

Physicians, nurse practitioners (NPs), physician assistants (PAs), and certified nurse midwives (CNMs) who are a 
primary source of medical care delivery, as permitted under their license, are included as medical providers. 
Supporting medical personnel include nurses and other medical, medical laboratory, and medical X-ray personnel. 

• Physicians (Lines 1–7) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report physicians on Lines 1–7 consistent with their licensure. Physicians with dual boarding may be 
allocated into two lines, such as internal medicine and pediatrics, based on time spent or patients seen, but 
both provider FTE and visits must be allocated. 
Circle used as bullet 
Report licensed residents on the line for the specialty designation they are working toward and credit 
them with their own visits. (Thus, count a family practice resident as a family physician on Line 1.) 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT report psychiatrists, ophthalmologists, pathologists, or radiologists here. They are separately 
reported on Lines 20a, 22a, 13, and 14, respectively. 
Circle used as bullet
DO NOT report naturopaths, acupuncturists, community and behavioral health aides/practitioners, or 
chiropractors on these lines. Report these providers on Line 22 (Other Professionals). 






• Nurse Practitioners (Line 9a) 

Circle used as bullet
Report NPs, advanced practice registered nurses (APRNs), and advanced practice nurses on Line 9a. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT report psychiatric NPs (included on Line 20b, Other Licensed Mental Health Providers) or 
CNMs, (reported on Line 10) on this line. 



• Physician Assistants (Line 9b) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report PAs on Line 9b. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT include psychiatric PAs here (included on Line 20b, Other Licensed Mental Health Providers). 



• Certified Nurse Midwives (Line 10) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report CNMs on Line 10. 



• Nurses (Line 11) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report licensed registered nurses, licensed practical and vocational nurses, home health and visiting 
nurses, clinical nurse specialists, and public health nurses. 



• Other Medical Personnel (Line 12) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report medical assistants, nurses’ aides, and all other personnel, including unlicensed interns or residents, 
providing services in conjunction with services provided by a physician, NP, PA, CNM, or nurse. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT report non-medical personnel here. 

Square used as bullet
DO NOT report personnel dedicated to QI or health information technology (health IT)/electronic 
health record (EHR) informatics here. Report them on Line 29b, Quality Improvement Personnel. 
Square used as bullet
DO NOT report patient health records or patient support personnel here. Report them on Line 32, 
Patient Support Personnel. 






• Laboratory Personnel (Line 13) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report pathologists, medical technologists, laboratory technicians and assistants, and phlebotomists. 
Circle used as bullet 
Some or all of nurses’ time may be in this category if they have dedicated times that they are assigned to 
this responsibility. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT report the time of a physician (except a pathologist) here. 



• X-ray Personnel (Line 14) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report radiologists, X-ray technologists, and X-ray technicians. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT include physician time (except radiologists) here, even if they were taking or reading X-rays or 
performing sonograms. 





Dental Services (Lines 16–19) 

• Dentists (Line 16) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report general practitioners, oral surgeons, periodontists, and endodontists providing prevention, 
assessment, or treatment of a dental problem, including restoration. 



• Dental Hygienists (Line 17) 

Circle used as bullet
Report licensed dental hygienists. 



• Dental Therapists (Line 17a) 

Circle used as bullet
Several states and American Indian or Alaska Native communities license dental therapists. 






Circle used as bullet
Report personnel on this line only if they have a state license or tribal designation as such. 



• Other Dental Personnel (Line 18) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report dental assistants, advanced dental assistants, aides, and technicians. 





Behavioral Health Services 

The term “behavioral health” is synonymous with the prevention or treatment of mental health and substance use 
disorders. All visits, providers, and patients classified by health centers as “behavioral health” must be parsed into 
mental health or SUD categories, unless there is no way to reasonably split these services. In those instances, 
health centers may choose to identify all behavioral health services as Mental Health Services. Refer to Question 
8 of the FAQ for Table 5 and Selected Service Detail Addendum 
for guidance on how activity should be reported 
on Table 5 for behavioral health personnel who provide both mental health and SUD services. 

Mental Health Services (Lines 20a–20c) 

Mental health services include psychiatric, psychological, psychosocial, or crisis intervention services. 

• Psychiatrists (Line 20a) 
• Licensed Clinical Psychologists (Line 20a1) 
• Licensed Clinical Social Workers (Line 20a2) 
• Other Licensed Mental Health Providers (Line 20b) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report other licensed mental health providers, including psychiatric social workers, board-certified 
psychiatric NPs, family therapists, and other licensed master’s degree–prepared providers. 



• Other Mental Health Personnel (Line 20c) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report unlicensed personnel and support personnel, including “certified” personnel, who provide 
counseling or treatment, or who support mental health providers. 
Circle used as bullet 
Unlicensed interns or residents in any of the professions listed on Lines 20a through 20b are reported on 
Line 20c, unless they possess a separate license under which they are practicing. Thus, a licensed clinical 
social worker (LCSW) doing a psychology internship may be reported on Line 20a2 until they receive a 
license to practice as a psychologist. 





Substance Use Disorder Services (Line 21) 

• Report personnel who provide SUD services, including SUD social workers, psychiatric nurses, psychiatric 
social workers, mental health nurses, clinical psychologists, clinical social workers, alcohol and drug abuse 
counselors, family therapists, and other individuals providing SUD counseling and/or treatment services. 
• Neither licenses nor credentials are required by the UDS for SUD personnel. SUD providers are credentialed 
according to the state’s and health center’s standards. Report medical providers treating patients with 
substance use diagnoses in the medical services category on Lines 1 through 10, NOT as SUD providers. 
Additional information about SUD treatment by medical providers is collected in the Selected Service Detail Addendum 
to this table. 

Note: If a medical provider (for example, PA) exclusively provides SUD treatment and does not provide any 
medical care as part of their position, and has board certification or certification of added qualification in this 
specific service area, report them and their activity on Line 21, Substance Use Disorder Services, not in the 
Selected Service Detail Addendum. Report costs in the corresponding category on Table 8A. 





• DO NOT report physicians, NPs, PAs, CNMs, or Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists who completed the 
one-time training on SUD treatment required under the Medication Access and Training Expansion Act 
and/or have a current Drug Enforcement Administration registration that includes Schedule III authority to 
provide medications for opioid use disorder (MOUD) here. Report MOUD providers on Lines 1–10 (if 
medical), Line 20a for psychiatrists, or Line 20b for psychiatric NPs. Additional information about MOUD 
services is collected in Appendix E: Other Data Elements
. 


Other Professional Health Services (Line 22) 

Other professional personnel may provide an array of services and care important to primary and other care 
delivery that support or complement the services of other providers. 

• Report personnel who provide other professional health services. Some common professions include 
therapists, including occupational, speech, physical, massage, and respiratory therapists and speech 
pathologists; registered dieticians, including nutritionists and dieticians; podiatrists; chiropractors; traditional 
medicine, including naturopaths and acupuncturists; audiologists; and community and behavioral health 
aides/practitioners (CHA/Ps and BHA/Ps). A more complete list is included in Appendix A
. 
• These professionals are generally credentialed and privileged by the health center’s governing board to act in 
accordance with their approved job descriptions. 
• DO NOT report other professionals working in the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) programs here. 
Report WIC nutritionists and other professionals working in WIC programs on Line 29a, Other Programs and 
Services Personnel. 


Note: Use the “specify” field to detail the other professional personnel reported on this line. Use the drop-down 
selection for common categories (described above) that are applicable. 

Vision Services (Lines 22a–22d) 

Report providers who perform eye exams for detection, care, treatment, and prevention of vision problems, 
including those that relate to chronic diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, thyroid disease, and arthritis, or for 
the prescription of corrective lenses. 

• Ophthalmologists (Line 22a) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report MDs specializing in the provision of medical and surgical eye care. 



• Optometrists (Line 22b) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report doctors of optometry (ODs) who provide routine eye care services. 



• Other Vision Care Personnel (Line 22c) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report ophthalmologist and optometric assistants, aides, and technicians. 





Pharmacy Services (Lines 23a–23d) 

• Report personnel supporting pharmaceutical services. 
• DO NOT report the time (or cost) of personnel spending all or part of their time in assisting patients to apply 
for free drugs from pharmaceutical companies through patient assistance programs (PAPs) here. Report them 
on Line 27a, Eligibility Assistance Workers. If personnel work as a pharmacy assistant, for example, and also 
provide PAP enrollment assistance, allocate time spent in each category. 
• DO NOT include time for individuals who work at a 340B contract pharmacy, since they are paid fee-for-service, and not based on time. 



• DO NOT report personnel who manage pharmacy 340B contracts here. Report them on Line 30a as nonclinical 
support personnel. 
• Pharmacists (Line 23a) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report pharmacists supporting pharmaceutical services, such as dispensing medications prescribed by 
health care providers, providing pertinent drug information to health care teams and providers, and 
informing patients about proper usage of medications and side effects. 



• Clinical Pharmacists (Line 23b) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report licensed clinical pharmacists, including board certified specialties (e.g., board-certified 
pharmacotherapy specialist, ambulatory care) on Line 23b. DO NOT allocate to other clinical or nonclinical 
lines. 



• Pharmacy Technicians (Line 23c) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report fully licensed pharmacy technicians. 



• Other Pharmacy Personnel (Line 23d) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report pharmacist assistants and other supporting pharmaceutical services. 





Enabling Services (Lines 24–29) 

Report personnel who provide enabling services. These personnel provide non-clinical support designed to 
facilitate access to medical, dental, behavioral health, vision, or other professional health services. They 
encompass a wide range of services including patient outreach, case management, referrals, health education, 
transportation, interpretation, enrollment in health insurance, and other health-related needs services vital to 
facilitating access to care and improving health outcomes. 

Note: The UDS does not require credentials for personnel who provide enabling services. For services that do not 
have a central credentialing body, the term “licensed and credentialed provider” refers to a provider hired by the 
health center to conduct those patient services within the scope of their duties. 

• Case Managers (Line 24) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report personnel who assist patients in the management of their health-related needs, including 
assessment of patient medical and/or social service needs; establishment of service plans; and 
maintenance of referral, tracking, and follow-up systems. 
Circle used as bullet 
Include personnel who are trained as—and specifically called—case managers, as well as individuals 
called care coordinators, referral coordinators, and other local titles. 
Circle used as bullet 
Case managers may provide health education and/or eligibility assistance in the course of their case 
management functions. DO NOT parse this time unless the personnel have dedicated time to other 
enabling service categories. 



• Health Education Specialists (Line 25) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report patient and community health educators with or without specific degrees. 
Circle used as bullet
DO NOT parse the time providers spent on health education during a medical visit. 



• Outreach Workers (Line 26) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report personnel conducting case finding, education, or other services designed to identify potential 
patients or clients and/or facilitate access or referral of potential health center patients to available health 
center services. 






• Transportation Workers (Line 27) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report personnel who provide transportation for patients (e.g., van drivers) or arrange for transportation 
(e.g., for bus or taxi vouchers), including personnel who arrange for local transportation or longer-
distance transportation to major cities in extremely remote clinic locations. 



• Eligibility Assistance Workers (Line 27a) 

Circle used as bullet
Report personnel (e.g., patient navigators, certified assisters, eligibility workers) who provide assistance 
in securing access to available health, social service, pharmacy, and other assistance programs, including 
Medicaid, Medicare, WIC, Supplemental Security Income (SSI), food stamps through the Supplemental 
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), PAPs, and 
related assistance programs, as well as personnel hired under the HRSA Outreach and Enrollment grants. 



• Interpretation Personnel (Line 27b) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report personnel whose full-time or dedicated time is devoted to translation and/or interpretation 
services. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT include the portion of the time a nurse, medical assistant, or other support personnel providing 
interpretation, translation, or bilingual services during their other activities. 



• Community Health Workers (Line 27c) 

Circle used as bullet
Report lay members of communities who work in association with the local health care system in urban 
or rural environments. Personnel may be called by many different titles, including community health 
workers, community health advisors, lay health advocates, promotoras, community health representatives, 
peer health promoters, or peer health educators. 
Circle used as bullet 
They may perform some or all of the tasks of other enabling services workers. If some of their time is 
dedicated to these other functions, allocate their time accordingly and report them on those lines. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT include personnel better classified under other service categories, such as Other Medical 
Personnel (Line 12) or Other Dental Personnel (Line 18). 



• Personnel Performing Other Enabling Service Activities (Line 28) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report all other personnel performing enabling services not described in any of the other service 
categories who provide in-scope ancillary services to support medical, dental, behavioral health, vision, or 
other professional health services. Complete the “specify” field to describe the personnel positions. 
Circle used as bullet 
If a service does not fit the strict descriptions for Enabling Services (Lines 24–27c), Other Professional 
Services (Line 22), or Other Programs and Related Services (Line 29a), its inclusion on Line 28 must 
include a clear detailed statement of what is being reported. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT use enabling services, especially Other Enabling Services (Line 28), as a catchall, all-inclusive 
category for services that are not included on other lines. Often, such services belong on Line 29a (Other 
Programs and Related Services Personnel) or are services that are not in-scope or separately reported on 
the UDS. 
Circle used as bullet
Check such services with the UDS Support Center before submission. 





Other Programs and Related Services Personnel (Line 29a) 

Some health centers operate programs as “umbrella agencies” that (although within their scope of project and 
often important to the overall health of their patients) are not directly a part of the listed medical, dental, 
behavioral health, vision, or other professional health services. 


• Report personnel for these programs, such as WIC programs; Head Start or Healthy Start programs; 
employment, vocational, AmeriCorps, or other job training programs; programs that provide basic needs, 
such as shelters/housing, food, and clothing; child care, frail elderly support programs such as Program of 
All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE), adult day health care (ADHC) programs, and youth programs; 
fitness or exercise programs; research programs; support group services; and public/retail pharmacies, on this 
line. 


Note: Use the “specify” field to detail the types of other programs and personnel reported on this line. Use the 
drop-down selection for common categories (described above) that are applicable. 

Quality Improvement Personnel (Line 29b) 

Although QI is a part of virtually all clinical and administrative positions, some individuals have specific 
responsibility for the design and oversight of QI systems. 

• Report individuals that spend all or a substantial portion of their time dedicated to these activities. They may 
have clinical, information technology (IT), or research backgrounds, and may include QI nurses, data 
specialists, statisticians, and designers of health IT (including EHRs and electronic medical records [EMRs]). 
• Report personnel who support health IT to the extent that they are working with the QI system on Line 29b. 
• Continue to report personnel who document services in the health IT in their appropriate service category, not 
here. 
• DO NOT include on this line the time of providers, such as physicians or dentists, who are also involved in 
the QI process. Their time is to remain on the service category lines. 


Non-Clinical Support Services (Lines 30a–32) 

• Management and Support Personnel (Line 30a) 

Circle used as bullet
Report the management team, including the CEO, chief financial officer (CFO), chief information officer 
(CIO), chief medical officer (CMO), chief operations officer (COO), and human resources (HR) director, 
as well as other non-clinical administrative support and office support personnel. 
Circle used as bullet 
For CMOs, medical directors, or other personnel whose time is split between clinical and non-clinical 
activities, report here only that portion of their FTE corresponding to the corporate management function. 
This DOES NOT include non-clinical activities in the medical area, such as supervising clinical 
personnel, chairing or attending clinical meetings, developing clinical schedules, or writing clinical 
protocols. (See limits on non-clinical time 
under Personnel FTEs
.) 



• Fiscal and Billing Personnel (Line 30b) 

Circle used as bullet
Report personnel performing accounting and billing functions in support of health center operations for 
services performed within the scope of project. 
Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT include the CFO here. Report the CFO on Line 30a, Management and Support Personnel. 



• IT Personnel (Line 30c) 

Circle used as bullet 
Report information systems technical personnel who maintain and operate the computing systems that 
support functions performed within the scope of project. 
Circle used as bullet 
Report IT personnel managing the hardware and software of a health IT (including EHR/EMR) system on 
Line 30c. 
Circle used as bullet
Report IT personnel performing data entry and providing training and technical assistance functions as 
part of the other medical personnel or appropriate service category for which they perform these 
functions. 






Circle used as bullet 
DO NOT report IT personnel designing medical forms and conducting analysis of health IT data here. 
Report as part of the QI functions on Line 29b. 



• Facility Personnel (Line 31) 

Circle used as bullet
Report personnel with facility support and maintenance responsibilities, including custodians, 
housekeeping personnel, groundskeepers, security personnel, and other maintenance personnel. If facility 
functions are contracted (e.g., janitorial services), DO NOT include an FTE; but report the contracted 
costs on Line 14, Facility Costs, on Table 8A. 



• Patient Services Support Personnel (Line 32) 

Circle used as bullet
Report intake personnel, front desk personnel, and patient health records personnel. 





Note: The non-clinical category for this report is more comprehensive than that used in some other program 
definitions and includes all such personnel working in a health center, whether an individual’s salary was 
supported by HRSA’s BPHC grant or other funds included in the scope of project. Where appropriate, and when 
identifiable, report personnel included in a health center’s federally approved budget indirect cost rate here. 

VISITS, COLUMNS B AND B2 

Report only clinic (in-person) and virtual visits that meet the countable visit definitions, as described in the Instructions for Tables that Report Visits, Patients, and Providers 
section of the UDS Manual. 

Report Clinic Visits (Column B) and Virtual Visits (Column B2). These are mutually exclusive, and total visits 
are calculated by adding Columns B and B2. 

Note: A visit does not need to be billable to be counted on the UDS Report. Countable visits can include services 
for which there is no charge or that are funded by grants, as long as they meet the countable visit definition. 

Clinic Visits, Column B 

• Report any documented in-person encounter between a patient and a licensed or credentialed provider who 
exercises their independent professional judgment in the provision of services to the patient at that time as a 
visit in Column B. 
• Report all such visits that occurred during the calendar year rendered by salaried, contracted, or volunteer 
providers. Report visits on the same line as the provider who conducted the visit. All or most visits reported in 
Column B will be provided by personnel identified in Column A. 
• Visits purchased from contracted providers on a fee-for-service basis should also be reported, even though the 
FTE of the provider is not reported. 


Note: DO NOT report encounters that are screenings, tests, or vaccinations (such as for flu or COVID-19) as 
visits. Only report encounters that meet the full definition as a visit. 

Virtual Visits, Column B2 

• Report any documented virtual (telemedicine) encounter between a patient and a licensed or credentialed 
provider who exercises their independent professional judgment in the provision of services to the patient at 
that time as a visit in Column B2. 
• Report all such visits that occurred during the calendar year rendered by salaried, contracted, or volunteer 
personnel. Report visits on the same line as the provider who conducted the visit. All or most visits reported 
in Column B2 will be provided by personnel identified in Column A. 
• Virtual visits purchased from contracted providers on a fee-for-service basis should also be reported. 



Note: Telemedicine is a growing model of care delivery. It is important to remember that payer, state, and federal 
telehealth definitions, regulations, and billing requirements regarding the acceptable modes of care delivery, types 
of providers, informed consent, and location of the patient and/or provider are not applicable in determining 
virtual patient visits for UDS reporting. 

Virtual Visit Considerations 

• Virtual visit reporting should be consistent with the health center’s scope of project. 
• Virtual visits must meet the countable visit 
definition. 
• All reporting requirements regarding multiple visits in the same service category in the same day apply, 
except that two different providers based out of two different in-scope service delivery sites may be reported 
as two visits. 
• Report virtual visits where: 

Circle used as bullet 
The health center provider provided care to a patient who was elsewhere (i.e., not physically at the health 
center). 
Circle used as bullet
The health center patient received services through telemedicine by a non–health center provider paid for 
by the health center or by a volunteer provider who was at the health center. 
Circle used as bullet 
The provider was not physically present at the health center when providing care to the patient, who was 
in a separate location. The provider must have had remote access to the patient’s health record at the time 
of the visit to review it and record their activities. 
Circle used as bullet 
Interactive, synchronous audio or audio-video telecommunication systems that permit real-time 
communication between the provider and the patient were used. 
Circle used as bullet
Services are coded and charged as telehealth services, even if a third-party payer does not recognize or 
pay for such services. Generally, these charges would be similar to a comparable clinic (in-person) visit 
charge. 


Note: Use codes that will result in accurate identification of virtual visits. These include telehealth-specific codes 
with the CPT or Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) codes such as 98008-98015, 98689, 
99422, 99423, G0071, G0406-G0408, G0425-G0427, G2025, modifier “95,” modifier “93” (audio-only medical 
services), or Place of Service code “02” to identify virtual visits. 


• DO NOT report: 

Circle used as bullet 
as a virtual visit situations in which the health center does not pay for virtual services provided by a non– 
health center provider (referral), 
Circle used as bullet 
other modes of telemedicine services (e.g., store and forward, remote patient monitoring, mobile health) 
or provider-to-provider consultations, 
Circle used as bullet 
a separate clinic (in-person) visit at the originating clinic, or 
Circle used as bullet 
a follow-up call for a health status check following an earlier appointment. 





Visits Purchased from Non-Personnel Providers on a Fee-For-Service Basis 

• Report these visits in Column B (clinic) or B2 (virtual) even though no corresponding FTEs are included in 
Column A. To count, the visit must meet the following criteria: 

Circle used as bullet 
the service was provided to a patient of the health center by a provider who is not part of the health 
center’s personnel (neither salaried, volunteer, nor contracted on the basis of time worked) although they 
meet the center’s credentialing policies, 






Circle used as bullet 
the service was paid for in full by the health center, and 
Circle used as bullet 
the service otherwise met the definition of a visit. 



• DO NOT include unpaid referrals, referrals where a third party (e.g., the patient’s insurance company) will 
make the payment directly to the provider, or referrals where only nominal amounts, including facility fees, 
are paid although the negotiated payment may be less than the provider’s “usual, customary, and reasonable” 
(UCR) rates. 


Visit Considerations by Personnel Line 

Nurses, Line 11 

• Services may be provided under standing orders of a medical provider, under specific instructions from a 
previous visit, or under the general supervision of a physician, NP, PA, or CNM who has no direct contact 
with the patient during the visit. These services must meet the requirement of exercising independent 
professional judgment. 
• Report nurse visits that meet all visit criteria. See instructions for Countable Visits
. Note that most patient 
services provided by a nurse DO NOT meet the full visit criteria. 
• Report triage services provided by nurses and visiting nurse services when a nurse sees patients 
independently, such as in the patients’ homes, to evaluate their condition(s). 
• Report visits charged and coded as CPT 99211 only when all components of UDS countable visit 
requirements were met. 
• DO NOT report a service if it is a follow-up or completion of services from another visit (e.g., nurse calls to 
check up on how a patient is doing after a visit, nurse checks wound or removes sutures, nurse provides 
vaccines), even if it occurs at a later date. 
• DO NOT report encounters with a nurse where the primary purpose is to conduct a lab test, give an injection, 
or dispense or administer a drug, regardless of the level of observation needed, as a visit. 
• Most states prohibit a licensed vocational nurse or licensed practical nurse from exercising independent 
professional judgment; DO NOT count visits for them. 


Dentists, dental hygienists, and dental therapists, Lines 16, 17, and 17a 

• Report only one visit per patient per day, regardless of the number of dental providers who provide services 
(e.g., dentist and dental hygienist both see the patient) or the volume of service (i.e., number of procedures) 
provided. 
• DO NOT report the application of dental varnishes, fluoride treatments, or dental screenings, absent other 
comprehensive dental services, as a visit. 
• DO NOT report as a dental visit medical providers who examine a patient’s dentition or provide fluoride 
treatments. 
• DO NOT report as a dental visit a phone call between the patient and provider for a follow-up on a completed 
procedure or service. 
• DO NOT credit services of dental students or anyone other than a licensed dental provider with dental visits, 
even if these individuals are working under the supervision of a licensed dental provider. 
• Exception: Report the visits of a supervising dentist’s student (i.e., the dentist is overseeing dental students 
enrolled in a graduate education program leading to a license as a dentist) as long as the supervising dentist: 





Circle used as bullet 
has no other responsibilities, including the supervision of other personnel, at the time services are given 
by the students; 
Circle used as bullet
has primary responsibility for the patients; 
Circle used as bullet
reviews the care given by the students during or immediately after each visit; and 
Circle used as bullet 
documents the extent of their participation in the review and direction of the services given to each 
patient. 





Other mental health, Line 20c 

• Report visits with unlicensed mental health personnel regardless of any billing practices at the center. DO 
NOT report their visits elsewhere. 


Substance use disorder, Line 21 

• In programs that include the regular use of narcotic agonists or antagonists or other medications on a regular 
basis (e.g., daily, every three days, weekly), report only the individualized or group counseling services, not 
the dispensing of medications, as visits. 
• DO NOT report the counseling of patients by medical or psychiatric providers to determine or diagnose their 
medical needs, including medication assistance and SUD visits, here. Report these services as medical or 
psychiatry visits based on the provider of these services. 
• DO NOT report the dispensing of drugs, regardless of the level of oversight that occurs during that activity. 


Other professional, Line 22 

• Report visits by other professional health service providers included in Appendix A
. 
• Describe these services in a clear, detailed statement using the “specify” box. 
• Verify the appropriateness of reporting other professional services with the UDS Support Center or UDS 
Reviewer. 


Vision services, Lines 22a–22d 

• DO NOT report the services of students or anyone other than a licensed vision service provider as vision 
services visits. 
• DO NOT report retinography (imaging of the retina), whether performed by a licensed vision service provider 
or anyone else, as a visit unless accompanied by a comprehensive vision exam. 
• DO NOT report fitting glasses as a visit, regardless of who performs the fitting. 


Pharmacy, Line 23 

• Pharmacy personnel are not considered providers on the UDS (see Appendix A
), and therefore visits are NOT 
reported. 
• Some states license clinical pharmacists whose scope of practice may include ordering labs and reviewing and 
altering medications or dosages. Despite this expanded scope of practice, DO NOT report clinical pharmacist 
encounters with patients as visits. 


Case managers, Line 24 

• Case management visits must be documented in the patient’s health record. 



• When a case manager serves an entire family (e.g., helping with housing or Medicaid eligibility), report only 
one visit, generally for an adult member of the family, regardless of documentation in other charts. 
• Case management is rarely the only type of service provided to a patient during the year. 
• Case managers often contact third parties in the provision of their services. DO NOT count these encounters 
as visits. 


Health education, Line 25 

• Report only services provided one-on-one with the patient. 
• Health education is provided to support the delivery of other health care services and is rarely the only type of 
service provided to a patient during the year. 
• DO NOT report group or community education classes or visits. 


DO NOT Report Visits or Patients for Services Provided by the Following: 

• Other Medical Personnel, Line 12 
• Laboratory Personnel, Line 13 
• X-ray Personnel, Line 14 
• Other Dental Personnel, Line 18 
• Other Vision Care Personnel, Line 22c 
• Pharmacy Personnel, Line 23 
• Outreach Workers, Line 26 
• Transportation Personnel, Line 27 
• Eligibility Assistance Workers, Line 27a 
• Interpretation Personnel, Line 27b 
• Community Health Workers, Line 27c 
• Other Enabling Services, Line 28 
• Other Programs and Services, Line 29a 
• Quality Improvement Personnel, Line 29b 
• Management and Support Personnel, Line 30a 
• Fiscal and Billing Personnel, Line 30b 
• IT Personnel, Line 30c 
• Facility Personnel, Line 31 
• Patient Support Personnel, Line 32 


Additionally, some encounters cannot be reported as countable visits regardless of who provides them. Please 
review the Services and Individuals NOT Reported on the UDS Report 
section for specifics. 

Note: Columns B and B2 are grayed out on the lines listed above. 

PATIENTS, COLUMN C 

A patient is an individual who has at least one countable visit during the calendar year. For further details, see the Instructions for Tables That Report Visits, Patients, and Providers 
section. 

• Report an unduplicated patient count in Column C for each of the seven categories of services shown below 
for which patients had visits reported in Columns B or B2 during the calendar year. 

Circle used as bullet 
Medical services (Line 15) 
Circle used as bullet 
Dental services (Line 19) 
Circle used as bullet 
Mental health services (Line 20) 






Circle used as bullet
Substance use disorder services (Line 21) 
Circle used as bullet
Vision services (Line 22d) 
Circle used as bullet
Other professional services (Line 22) 
Circle used as bullet 
Enabling services (Line 29) 



• Report an individual only once as a patient in each service category (e.g., medical, dental) for which they 
received services, regardless of the number of visits they had or the different providers they saw during the 
year. 
• Because patients must have at least one countable visit, the number of patients cannot exceed the number of 
visits. 
• Patients reported on Table 5 must be included as patients on the demographics tables: Patients by ZIP Code 
Table and Tables 3A, 3B, and 4. 
• DO NOT report individuals who only receive services for which no visits are generated (e.g., laboratory, 
imaging, pharmacy, transportation, and outreach). 


Note: Column C is grayed out on the detail lines within service categories. 

SELECTED SERVICE DETAIL ADDENDUM – INSTRUCTIONS 

The Selected Service Detail Addendum to Table 5 provides data on integrated primary care and behavioral health 
treatment services. Integrated behavioral health reported in the addendum includes: 

• mental health services provided by medical providers during medical visits, 
• SUD services provided by medical providers during medical visits, and 
• SUD services provided by mental health providers during mental health visits. 


The addendum is reported on the Universal Report only. 

The information reported in the Selected Service Detail Addendum includes only: 

• Medical providers and their mental health services, reported as medical visits on the main part of Table 5. DO 
NOT report these in the mental health section on the main part of Table 5. 
• Medical or mental health providers and their SUD treatment services, reported as medical visits for medical 
providers and reported as mental health visits for mental health providers on the main part of Table 5. DO 
NOT report these in the SUD section on the main part of Table 5. 


The sum of mental health and SUD services visits reported in the main part of Table 5 and the addendum to Table 
5 provide a combined count of mental health and SUD services provided. 

The Selected Service Detail Addendum is divided into two sections: mental health detail and SUD detail. 

• The Mental Health Services Detail (by type of medical provider), Lines 20a01–20a04, is a subset of medical 
visits and patients reported on Lines 1–10 in the main part of Table 5. 
• The Substance Use Disorder Detail (by type of medical provider), Lines 21a–21d, is a subset of medical visits 
and patients reported on Lines 1–10 in the main part of Table 5. 
• The Substance Use Disorder Detail (by type of mental health provider), Lines 21e–21h, is a subset of mental 
health visits and patients reported on Lines 20a–20b in the main part of Table 5. 



All visits reported in the addendum will also be included in the main part of Table 5 as either medical or mental 
health visits. Report a visit provided by a medical provider that includes both mental health and SUD treatment in 
each section of the addendum in addition to the medical service category in the main part of Table 5 as one visit. 

Note: To identify visits where a mental health or substance use disorder treatment service may have been 
rendered, include at a minimum all visits in which the reported providers coded International Classification of 
Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes specified on Table 6A, Lines 18 through 19a for SUD treatment 
provided as part of a mental health or medical visit and Lines 20a through 20d for mental health treatment 
provided as part of a medical visit. 

Providers, Column A1 

• Report the number of individual providers (not FTE) by type who provided mental health and/or SUD 
services. Medical providers can be counted once in each section if they provide both mental health and SUD 
services. 
• If the provider is a contract provider paid by visit or service, DO NOT count an FTE on the main part of Table 
5, but count the provider in the addendum. 


Clinic Visits, Column B 

• Report the number of clinic (in-person) visits, by provider type, where the service in whole or in part included 
treatment for mental health (on Lines 20a01 through 20a04) or SUD services (on Lines 21a through 21h). 


Virtual Visits, Column B2 

• Report the number of virtual visits, by provider type, where the service in whole or in part included treatment 
for mental health (on Lines 20a01 through 20a04) or SUD services (on Lines 21a through 21h). 


Patients, Column C 

• Report the number of patients seen for a clinic (in-person) or virtual mental health or SUD service by 
provider(s) in the given line. 
• Report patients (and their visits) for each type of provider listed who were seen during the year for these 
services. This may result in the same patient appearing on more than one line in the addendum. 


Note: Total patients provided mental health or substance use disorder treatment services cannot be calculated 
from the UDS Report, because a patient may be seen by multiple types of providers. 

FAQ FOR TABLE 5 AND SELECTED SERVICE DETAIL ADDENDUM 

1. How do we determine FTE? 

Use employment contracts to determine FTE. 

For personnel with full benefits (i.e., vacation, holiday, sick benefits), divide hours paid by what the health 
center considers to be the base hours for full-time. For example, a physician who, per their employment 
contract, is only required to work four 9-hour sessions (36 hours) per week is considered full-time and equals 
1.00 FTE. 

For personnel with no or reduced benefits, divide hours paid by base hours minus unpaid benefit hours. For 
example, if the health center provides 10 days for holidays, 12 sick days, 5 continuing medical education 





(CME) days, and 3 weeks of vacation, that’s a total of 336 hours of paid time off. Subtract that from the base 
calculation. If 2,080 hours is full time for the health center, subtracting 336 hours of paid time off = 1,744 
hours. The 1,744 hours becomes the base hours calculation for personnel with no benefits. If this personnel is 
paid for 1,040 hours, divide 1,040 by 1,744 to get 0.59 FTE (reported out to two decimal places). 


2. Our physicians work 35-hour weeks. Do we report as 0.875 (35 divided by 40) FTE? 

No. Count them as 1.00 FTE. HRSA’s BPHC does not require 40-hour workweeks. Use whatever workweek 
time is considered full-time at your organization. For example, some organizations use 2,080 hours, others 
use 1,820, and others may have other standards for determining what is full-time. 


3. Do we calculate FTE for personnel with no or reduced benefits the same way we do for personnel 
receiving full benefits? 

If personnel receive no or reduced benefits, calculate FTE based on paid hours. Divide paid hours by base 
hours minus unpaid benefit hours. For example, if full-time personnel with full benefits are paid for 2,080 
hours, in which 80 hours are for holidays and 120 hours are for vacation, then for personnel with no benefits 
subtract the unpaid benefit hours from full-time hours (2,080 – 80 – 120) to get 1,880 hours. To calculate FTE 
for the personnel with no benefits, divide their paid hours by the 1,880 base hour calculation. 


4. How do I report the FTEs for a provider who regularly sees patients 75% of the time and covers after-
hours call for the remaining 25% of their salary? 

Report personnel who are hired as full-time providers as 1.00 FTE regardless of the number of direct patient 
care hours they provide. Count as 1.00 FTE providers hired as full-time who have released time to 
compensate for on-call hours, who have released time to compensate for hours spent on clinical committees, 
or who receive leave for continuing education or other activities. 

DO NOT adjust for the time spent by a physician (for example) while not in contact with the patient, such as 
charting, reviewing labs, filling prescriptions, returning phone calls, or arranging for referrals. These tasks are 
considered part of their time as a physician. The exception to this rule is when a medical director or CMO is 
engaged in non-clinical activities at the corporate level, in which case time is allocated to the non-clinical 
category. This does not, however, include non-clinical activities in the medical area, such as chairing or 
attending meetings, supervising personnel, writing clinical protocols, designing formularies, setting hours, or 
approving specialty referrals. 


5. Our nurses perform services that cross service categories. Do we allocate the FTE and visit activity 
accordingly? 

That depends on if their time is distinctly allocated by function among the major service categories. If, for 
example, a full-time nurse provides direct medical services and provides some patient education while seeing 
the patient for medical care, they would be counted as 1.00 FTE on Line 11 (Nurses). If that nurse provided 
case management services during 10 dedicated hours per week and provided medical care services for the 
other 30 hours per week, the time would be allocated as 0.25 FTE case manager (Line 24) and 0.75 FTE nurse 
(Line 11). Another example includes a nurse who dedicates 20 hours to medical care and 20 hours to 
providing health education each week would split their 1.00 FTE, with 0.50 FTE as a medical nurse and 0.50 
FTE as a health educator. 


6. If I report costs for case management services on Table 8A, do I have to report case managers on 
Table 5? 

If a health center reports costs for case management services, one would expect to see case managers reported 
on Table 5, unless the service was contracted with no personnel time specifically identified. Similarly, if there 
are personnel on Table 5, one would expect costs on Table 8A unless personnel are volunteers. Some services 





DO NOT involve personnel. Spending funds on bus tokens, for example, would involve transportation costs 
on Table 8A, but no personnel on Table 5. 


7. How are contracted personnel and their activities reported on Table 5? 

If the contracted personnel are paid based on time worked (for example, one day per week), report the FTE on 
Table 5, Column A, and report the visits and patients receiving services from this provider. (See Appendix B 
for a more complete discussion of calculating the FTE of these providers.) If the contracted personnel are paid 
on a fee-for-service basis, DO NOT report FTE on Table 5, Column A, but report the visits and patients. This 
may require additional explanation in your UDS Report to clarify why visits and patients are reported, but no 
FTE. 


8. How should activity be reported on Table 5 for behavioral health providers who provide both mental 
health and SUD services? 

Some health centers have integrated the positions of mental health provider and SUD provider into a single 
position, which they call a behavioral health provider. In this instance, all visits, providers, and patients 
classified by health centers as “behavioral health” must be parsed into mental health or SUD categories, 
unless there is no way to reasonably split these services. Carefully record the time and activities of these dual-
function providers. In this case, identify each visit as either a mental health visit or an SUD visit so the 
patients and visits can be correctly classified. In addition, keep track of providers’ time so that FTEs on Table 
5 (and associated costs on Table 8A) can be accurately allocated and recorded to the appropriate line. If there 
is no way to reasonably split these services, assert that SUD problems are mental health problems, and 
classify the health center’s behavioral health personnel and their corresponding visits and patients seen as 
mental health on Table 5, Lines 20a, 20a1, 20a2, 20b, or 20c. Report associated costs on Table 8A on the 
mental health line. 


9. If a psychiatric NP provides mental health and SUD services to the same patient during a visit, how 
should we count this? 

Report the visit under mental health in the main part of Table 5. DO NOT count the visits as one of each type. 
In the addendum, separately report the SUD service provided by the mental health personnel during the visits. 
Classify the provider and costs (on Table 8A) as mental health. 


10. Do I count the time of volunteer providers, interns, and residents? 

Yes. Count the time of volunteers, interns, and residents like that of any other personnel. Note, however, that 
some may work shorter days because they are in educational sessions, may have more vacation time or other 
time off than other personnel, or, in the case of volunteers, DO NOT receive paid vacations or holidays. This 
would make them less than full-time (in other words, less than 1.0 FTE). See the more complete discussion of 
counting volunteers, interns, and residents in Appendix B 
. 


11. We contract with many licensed physicians to read our test results: an ophthalmologist reads the 
retinal photos that our medical assistant takes, a radiologist over-reads the X-rays that our X-ray tech 
takes, the outside laboratory’s pathologist provides the test results from their machines, and a 
consulting cardiologist confirms findings of our electrocardiograms (EKGs). Should we report them as 
personnel, and do we report what they do as visits? 

Report the costs for tests on Table 8A. 

DO NOT report these activities, which are important to the provision of comprehensive care to patients, as 
visits. 

Tests are NOT counted as visits anywhere in the UDS. 





DO NOT report the time (FTE) of any individual who is working on a contract basis when the payment is not 
for their time worked but, rather, for the activity that they perform. 

Under some circumstances, the EHBs may identify a system edit (costs with no personnel) that you will need 
to explain. 


12. Where do we report community health workers that we employ? 

Report personnel with responsibility as community health workers on Line 27c, as described in the Enabling Services 
section. If, however, you are using this term to describe someone who is performing the tasks 
normally associated with a medical assistant, an outreach worker, or another job title, count them in the 
corresponding category. 


13.Where do we report medical providers whose only activity at a visit is providing MOUD? 

MOUD provided by a medical provider is to be counted as medical. Report this activity on the line of the 
credentialed personnel providing this treatment (physicians are counted in medical [Lines 1–8], even if they 
only provide SUD services at the visit). Additionally, report the activity in the SUD section of the addendum 
(physicians are counted on Line 21a of the addendum). 

DO NOT count them on the SUD line of the main part of Table 5. 


14. How do I count participants in a group session? 

Only group treatment sessions for SUDs, mental health, or behavioral health may be counted. The visit must 
be recorded in each participant’s health record. Each patient charted in a group session must be billed and the 
service must be paid consistent with health center policy by either the patient, insurance, or another contract 
maintained by the health center. If some patients or visits are billed and others are not, count only those that 
are billed. If other people are included in a behavioral health session but are not independently billed or 
charted, DO NOT count them as having a visit. 

DO NOT count a group encounter with a patient that is not recorded in a patient health record. DO NOT 
report any group medical visits or group health education visits. Although in some instances they may be 
billable, the UDS specifically does not count these as visits. 


15. Are virtual/telemedicine visits only permitted after a clinic (in-person) visit at the health center? 

No, although virtual visits may occur after a clinic (in-person) visit. If the first or only visit is a countable 
virtual visit, the health center must register the patient and collect and report all relevant demographic, 
service, clinical, and financial data on the UDS tables. 


16. Should the total number of patients reported on Table 3A be equal to the sum of the several types of 
service patients on the main part of Table 5? 

Not unless you provide only one type of service to a patient. On Table 5, report patients for each type of 
service received. For example, count a patient who receives both medical and dental services once as a 
medical patient on Line 15 and once as a dental patient on Line 19. 


17.Should a patient who received only a medication refill for a mental health condition be counted on the 
addendum of Table 5? 

No. If medication refills were the only services provided, the service will NOT be considered a visit, and the 
patient and service will NOT be counted on the main part of Table 5 or the addendum to Table 5. Only count 
services that fully meet the countable visit 
definition. 





The addendum is intended to capture treatment services for mental health (by medical providers) and 
substance use (by medical and mental health providers). DO NOT include services that only provide mental 
health or substance use disorder screenings, medication delivery or refills, patient education, referral, or case 
management. 


18. Which provider types and what activity are included in the addendum? 

Medical providers who provide mental health or substance use treatment are included in the addendum. 
Mental health providers who provide substance use treatment are also included in the addendum. Examples of 
provider activity reported in the addendum include: 

• A physician who sees a patient for treatment of depression. 
• An NP who is seeing a patient for diabetes and who is also treating them for signs of anxiety. 
• A PA providing MOUD services to a patient with opioid use disorder. 
• A licensed clinical psychologist seeing a patient for mental health problems and exacerbated SUD. 






TABLE 5: STAFFING AND UTILIZATION 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Personnel by Major Service Category FTEs (a) 
Clinic Visits 
(b) 
Virtual 
Visits (b2) 
Patients (c) 
1 Family Physicians 
2 General Practitioners 
3 Internists 
4 Obstetrician/Gynecologists 
5 Pediatricians 
7 Other Specialty Physicians 
8 Total Physicians (Lines 1–7) 
9a Nurse Practitioners 
9b Physician Assistants 
10 Certified Nurse Midwives 
10a Total NPs, PAs, and CNMs (Lines 9a–10) 
11 Nurses 
12 Other Medical Personnel 
13 Laboratory Personnel 
14 X-ray Personnel 
15 Total Medical Care Services (Lines 8 + 10a– 
14) 
16 Dentists 
17 Dental Hygienists 
17a Dental Therapists 
18 Other Dental Personnel 
19 Total Dental Services (Lines 16–18) 
20a Psychiatrists 
20a1 Licensed Clinical Psychologists 
20a2 Licensed Clinical Social Workers 
20b Other Licensed Mental Health Providers 
20c Other Mental Health Personnel 
20 Total Mental Health Services (Lines 20a–c) 
21 Substance Use Disorder Services 
22 Other Professional Services 

• 
Audiologists 
• 
Chiropractors 
• 
Community and Behavioral Health 
Aides/Practitioners (CHA/Ps and 
BHA/Ps) 
• 
Podiatrists 
• 
Registered Dieticians, including 
Dieticians and Nutritionists 
• 
Therapists, including Massage, 
Occupational, Physical, Respiratory, 
and Speech Therapists and Speech 
Pathologists 
• 
Traditional Medicine Providers, 
including Acupuncturists and 
Naturopaths 
• 
Other professional services 
(specify
(Enter the Other professional services: specify) 
) 





22a Ophthalmologists 
22b Optometrists 
22c Other Vision Care Personnel 
22d Total Vision Services (Lines 22a–c) 
23a Pharmacists 
23b Clinical Pharmacists 
23c Pharmacy Technicians 
23d Other Pharmacy Personnel 
23 Pharmacy Personnel (Lines 23a–d)
24 Case Managers 
25 Health Education Specialists 
26 Outreach Workers 
27 Transportation Personnel27a Eligibility Assistance Workers 
27b Interpretation Personnel 
27c Community Health Workers 
28Other Enabling Services (specify
(Enter the Other Enabling Services: specify) 
) 
29 Total Enabling Services (Lines 24–28) 
29a Other Programs and Services 

Personnel for these programs: 

• 
Adult, elderly, and youth programs, such 
as ADHC, child care, PACE 
• Basic needs, such as shelters/housing, 
food, and clothing 
• Employment, vocational, AmeriCorps or 
other job training programs 
• Fitness or exercise programs 
• Head Start or Healthy Start 
• Public/Retail pharmacies 
• Research 
• Support group services 
• WIC 
• Other programs and services (specify
(Enter the Other Programs and Services specify) 
) 


29b Quality Improvement Personnel 
30a Management and Support Personnel 
30b Fiscal and Billing Personnel 
30c IT Personnel 
31 Facility Personnel 
32 Patient Support Personnel 
33 Total Facility and Non-Clinical Support 
Personnel (Lines 30a–32) 
34 Grand Total (Lines 
15+19+20+21+22+22d+23+29+29a+29b+33) 


TABLE 5: SELECTED SERVICE DETAIL ADDENDUM 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line 
Personnel by Major Service Category: 
Mental Health Service Detail 
Personnel 
(a1) 
Clinic Visits 
(b) 
Virtual 
Visits (b2) 
Patients (c) 
20a01 Physicians (other than Psychiatrists) 
20a02 Nurse Practitioners 
20a03 Physician Assistants 
20a04 Certified Nurse Midwives 

Line 
Personnel by Major Service Category: 
Substance Use Disorder Detail 
Personnel 
(a1) 
Clinic Visits 
(b) 
Virtual 
Visits (b2) 
Patients (c) 
21a Physicians (other than Psychiatrists) 
21b Nurse Practitioners (Medical) 
21c Physician Assistants 
21d Certified Nurse Midwives 
21e Psychiatrists 
21f Licensed Clinical Psychologists 
21g Licensed Clinical Social Workers 
21h Other Licensed Mental Health Providers 

Table 5 and Addendum Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Total patients on Table 5, Column C, should be greater than the total number of patients on Table 3A (unless 
only one type of service is offered at the health center or patients receive only one kind of service). 
• The personnel on Table 5 are routinely compared to the costs on Table 8A. See the crosswalk of comparable 
fields in Appendix B 
. 
• Billable visits reported on Table 5 should relate to patient charges reported on Table 9D. 
• If you submit Grant Reports, the total number of patients and visits reported on the grant table must be less 
than or equal to the corresponding number on the Universal Report for each cell. 
• Table 6A activity reported for mental health and SUD treatment are compared to the Table 5 addendum and 
the main part of Table 5 mental health and SUD lines. 
• Visits and patients reported on the Table 5 Selected Service Detail Addendum must also be included in the 
main part of Table 5, medical plus mental health lines. 



Instructions for Table 6A: Selected Diagnoses 
and Services Rendered 

This table collects data on selected diagnoses and selected services rendered to health center patients. The data 
source for this table is your billing system, lab reports, and/or other information captured in your health IT 
systems or electronic health records (EHRs). 

Table 6A does not reflect the full range of diagnoses and services rendered by a health center. The selected 
diagnoses and services represent those that are prevalent among Health Center Program patients, have been 
regarded as sentinel indicators of access to primary care, and/or are of special interest to HRSA. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

Several key changes have been made to Table 6A, as outlined below: 

• 
Some diagnosis and service codes have been updated. All changes are included in the table and outlined in the 
“Table 6A Code Changes” file found on the HRSA Health Center Program webpage on Content Details of UDS Clinical Care resources 
webpage. 
• Three new lines have been added as follows: tobacco use cessation pharmacotherapies (Line 26c2), 
medications for opioid use disorder (MOUD) (Line 26c3), and Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias 
(ADRD) screening (Line 26f). 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

SELECTED DIAGNOSES, LINES 1–20F 

Lines 1 through 20f present the name and applicable ICD-10-CM and value set codes for the diagnosis or 
diagnostic range/group. Wherever possible, diagnoses have been grouped into code ranges. 

• Report all visits (both clinic [in-person] and virtual) and patients where the provider-assigned diagnostic code 
is included in the range/group of ICD-10-CM and value set codes shown in the given line. 
• Report only diagnoses that were determined as part of documented, countable visits with licensed or 
credentialed medical, dental, mental health, substance use disorder, or vision providers. 
• Report all diagnoses rendered at a specific visit. However, DO NOT count “active diagnoses” present at the 
time of a visit or laboratory test result, but not addressed during the visit. 
• Use age at time of visit for diagnoses with specified age ranges. 
• DO NOT report a diagnosis made by another professional or enabling service provider. 
• DO NOT report a diagnosis when it is on the problem list but not diagnosed or treated during the visit. 


Selected Diagnoses Visits and Patients, Columns A and B 

Column A, Number of Visits by Diagnosis Regardless of Primacy 

• Report the total number of visits (clinic [in-person] and virtual) during the calendar year where the indicated 
diagnosis, regardless of primacy, is diagnosed or treated and listed in the health IT/EHR or visit/billing 
record. 
• Report on Lines 1 through 20f each included diagnosis made at a visit, regardless of the number of diagnoses 
listed for the visit. For example, count a patient visit with a diagnosis of hypertension and a diagnosis of 
diabetes once on Line 9 and once on Line 11. 



Column B, Number of Patients with Diagnosis 

•Report each patient who had one or more visits (clinic [in-person] and/or virtual) during the calendar year thatwere reported in the corresponding cell in Column A.
•Report a patient only once on any given line, regardless of the number of visits made for that specificdiagnosis or family of diagnoses. For example, if a patient received treatment at a single visit or on multiplevisits for both anxiety disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder, they will be counted once on Line 20b,
Anxiety Disorders, because both disorders are part of the same family of diagnoses.




SELECTED TESTS/SCREENINGS, LINES 21–26FLines 21 through 26f present the name and applicable ICD-10-CM diagnostic, HCPCS, CPT procedure codes, 
and/or value sets for selected tests, screenings, and preventive services. For each line, report visits that are 
associated with a qualifying code from any of these code systems, but do not double-count any given visit (even if 
it includes, for example, a qualifying CPT code and a qualifying ICD-10-CM code). 

•Report all tests, screenings, or procedures meeting the selection criteria that are provided to a health centerpatient anytime during the year. Only count these services if provided to patients who had one or morecountable visits during the year.
•Only report tests, screenings, or procedures (e.g., mammograms, X-rays, tomography) that are:

Circle Used as Bullet 
performed by the health center; or
Circle Used as Bullet 
not performed by the health center, but paid for by the health center; or
Circle Used as Bullet 
not performed by the health center or paid for by the health center, but ordered by the health center andthe results of which are returned to the health center provider to evaluate and follow up with the patientbased on the results.



•During a visit with the provider, selected screenings or tests may be ordered. Report only completed services(NOT orders) in this section even if they were done at a later date.
•Use age at time of visit for diagnoses and tests with specified age ranges indicated.


Note: ICD-10-CM codes for some services (such as mammography and Pap tests) are listed to ensure capture of 
procedures that are done by the health center but may be coded with a different CPT code for state reimbursement 
under Title X or Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program (BCCEDP). In some instances, payers 
(especially governmental payers) and labs ask health centers to use different codes for services. In these instances, 
health centers should internally map these codes to the specified list for reporting purposes. 

Note: Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP), Line 21e, prescribed to patients for the purposes of preventing HIV, is to 
be limited to patients with an active prescription of PrEP based on a patient’s risk for HIV exposure AND limited 
to emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (FTC/TDF) or emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (FTC/TAF) or 
cabotegravir for the purposes of preventing HIV, using ICD-10-CM code Z29.81. 

Selected Tests/Screenings Visits and Patients, Columns A and B 

Column A, Number of Visits 

•Report the total number of visits (clinic [in-person] and/or virtual) during which one or more of the listeddiagnostic tests, screenings, and/or preventive services were provided during the year. Services may havebeen provided at the time of a visit, before a visit, or after a visit.



• Codes for these services may be diagnostic (ICD-10-CM) codes or procedure (CPT or HCPCS) codes or 
value sets. 
• During a single visit, more than one test, screening, or preventive service may be provided. Report each on 
the applicable line. If they are on the same line, report only one visit. 


Column B, Number of Patients 

• Report patients who had one or more visits (clinic [in-person] and/or virtual) during the calendar year for 
which one or more of the selected diagnostic tests, screenings, and/or preventive services listed on Lines 21– 
26e were provided. 
• Report patients who received more than one type of service during a single visit on each applicable line. For 
example, if a patient had a Pap test and contraceptive management during the same visit, this patient would be 
counted on both Lines 23 and 25. 
• Report a patient only once per service, regardless of the number of times a patient receives a given service. 
For example, an infant who has an immunization at each of several well-child visits in the year has each visit 
reported in Column A but is counted only once in Column B. 


Note: Include follow-up services related to a countable visit. For example, if a provider asks that a patient return 
in 30 days for a flu shot, when that patient presents, the shot is counted. DO NOT report a service for an 
individual who is NOT a health center patient who comes in just for a flu shot during a health center–run flu 
clinic. 

DENTAL SERVICES, LINES 27–34 

Lines 27 through 34 present the name and applicable American Dental Association (ADA) procedure and CPT 
codes for selected dental services. Except for fluoride treatment, which may also be provided by a medical 
provider, these services may be performed only by a dental provider (who is reported on Lines 16–17a on Table 
5) or by an in-scope dental contractor paid by the health center. Wherever appropriate, services have been 
grouped into code ranges. For these lines, the concept of a “primary” code is neither relevant nor used. All 
services are reported. 

Dental Services Visits and Patients, Columns A and B 

Column A, Number of Visits 

• Report the total number of visits (clinic [in-person] and/or virtual) for which one or more of the listed 
diagnostic tests, screenings, and/or dental services were provided during the year. Services may be at the time 
of a visit, before a visit, or after a visit. 
• During one visit, more than one test, screening, or dental service may be provided. Report each procedure, 
screening, or test on each separate, applicable line. If they are on the same line, report only one visit. For 
example, if a patient had more than one tooth filled during a visit, report only one visit for restorative services 
(Line 32), NOT one visit per tooth. 


Column B, Number of Patients 

• Report patients who had at least one visit with a dental professional during the calendar year for each of the 
selected dental services listed. 
• Only report services that are provided at or as follow-up to countable visits (e.g., a comprehensive oral exam). 



• Report a patient who had multiple types of services on each line, as appropriate. For example, a patient who 
had two teeth repaired and sealants applied during a single visit is reported once on Line 30 and once on Line 
32. 
• DO NOT report services provided by personnel other than licensed dentists, dental hygienists, dental 
therapists, or personnel working under their direct supervision, unless the service is fluoride treatment 
provided at a medical visit. 
• DO NOT report fluoride treatments or varnishes that are applied outside of a comprehensive treatment plan, 
including when provided as part of a community service at schools, on this table or as a visit on Table 5. 


SERVICES PROVIDED BY MULTIPLE ENTITIES 

Be particularly careful when multiple entities are involved with a service. Use the following rules and general 
examples to guide reporting: 

• Report the service if a health center provider orders and performs the service. For example, count a rapid 
HbA1c test ordered by a health center provider and performed in the health center lab. 
• If the health center provider orders a test (e.g., HIV test) and the sample is collected at the health center and 
then sent to a reference lab for processing, report the test regardless of whether the test is paid for by the 
patient, the patient’s insurance company,Reference 11 
a government entity, or the health center. 
• Report a test when the health center provider asks a patient to get that test from a third party and the health 
center provider receives and reviews the test results with or for the patient, regardless of who pays for the 
service. For example, report mammograms performed by a third-party provider that a health center contracts 
with and for which the health center reviews the result with the patient. 
• DO NOT report vaccinations performed by a health department when patients are referred to a city or county 
health department and the health center does not pay for the service, including referrals where a third party 
(e.g., the patient’s insurance company) will make the payment. 
• DO NOT report a test or service that a provider asks the patient to get from a third-party provider (e.g., an 
HIV test referred to a Ryan White program) that does not bill the health center, including referrals where a 
third party (e.g., the patient’s insurance company) will make the payment if the test or service results are 
reviewed and acted on by the third-party provider. For example, DO NOT count mammograms performed by 
the county health department for which the county will follow up with the patient directly and the health 
center did not pay for the service. (These are generally noted in Column III: Formal Written Referral 
Arrangement [Health center DOES NOT pay] of HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5A: Services Provided 
). 


FAQ FOR TABLE 6A 

1. If a case manager or health educator serves a patient who, for example, has diabetes, we often report 
that diagnostic code for the visit. Should we report this on Table 6A? 

No. Report on Table 6A only visits with medical, dental, mental health, substance use disorder, and vision 
providers. 




11 Billing rules require that the charge for a lab test ordered by a provider be sent directly to a third party (including Medicaid and Medicare) and not to the 
provider or the health center. 

2. The instructions for this table call for diagnoses and services at visits. If we provide the service but it is 
not counted as a visit (such as an immunization given at a health fair), should it be reported on this 
table? 

Report the visit on this table if a service is provided because of a prescription or plan from an earlier counted 
visit, such as if a provider asks a patient to come back in four months for a mammogram. 

DO NOT report services given at health fairs to an individual who is not a health center patient, regardless of 
who provides the service or the level of documentation that is done, such as an HIV test at a health fair. 


3. Some diagnostic and/or procedure codes in our system are different from the codes listed. What do we 
do? 

It is possible that information for Table 6A is not available using the codes shown because of idiosyncrasies 
in state or clinic billing systems. Generally, these involve situations where (a) the state uses unique billing 
codes other than the normal CPT code for state billing purposes (e.g., Early and Periodic Screening, 
Diagnosis, and Treatment [EPSDT]) or (b) internal or state confidentiality rules mask certain diagnostic data. 
The following table provides examples of problems and solutions: 




Line Problem Potential Solution 
1 HIV diagnoses are kept confidential, and 
alternative diagnostic codes are used. 
Include the alternative codes used at your center on these lines as 
well. 
23 Pap tests are charged to a state BCCEDP 
using a special code. 
Add these special codes to the other codes listed. 
26 Well-child visits are charged to the state 
EPSDT program using a special code 
(often starting with W, X, Y, or Z). 
Add these special codes to the other codes listed and count all 
such visits. DO NOT count EPSDT follow-up visits in this 
category. 

4. The instructions specifically say that the source of information for Table 6A is “billing systems or 
health ITs.” There are some services for which we DO NOT bill and/or for which there are no visits in 
our system. What do we do? 

Although health centers are only required to report data derived from billing systems or health ITs, the 
reported data may understate services in the circumstances described below. In today’s health ITs/EHRs, 
diagnoses and/or services should be captured in one of the templates available. To more accurately show the 
level of service, use other codes in the system to enable the tracking. 

DO NOT report referrals for which you DO NOT pay or evaluate results and provide feedback to the patient 
(e.g., sending patients to the county health department for mammograms). 




Line Problem Potential Solution 
21 HIV test samples are collected by us but 
processed and paid for by the state and DO 
NOT show on the visit form or in the billing 
system. 
• 
Preferred: Use the correct code, but report a zero charge. 
• 
Alternative: Use documented completed lab results returned 
to the health center. 


Multiple Tests (e.g., HIV tests, Pap tests) are ordered 
and samples collected by us. We send 
samples to a reference lab for processing, but 
the lab bills Medicaid or Medicare directly. 
• 
Preferred: Use the correct code, but report a zero charge. 
• 
Alternative: Use documented completed lab results returned 
to the health center. 


22 Mammograms are paid for by us but are 
conducted by a contractor and DO NOT 
show in the billing system for individual 
patients. 
• 
Preferred: Use the correct code, with associated charge. 
• 
Alternative: Use the bills from the independent contractor to 
identify the mammograms conducted and the patients who 
received them and report these numbers. 





23 Pap tests are processed and paid for by the 
state and DO NOT show on the visit form or 
in the billing system. 
• 
Preferred: Use the correct code, but report a zero charge. 
• 
Alternative: Use documented completed lab results returned 
to the health center. 


24 Flu shots and other vaccinations are NOT 
counted because the vaccines are obtained at 
no cost to the health center. 
• 
Preferred: Use the correct code, but report a zero charge. 


25 Contraceptive management is funded under 
Title X or a state voluntary family planning 
program and does not have a Z30-diagnosis 
attached to it. 
• 
Preferred: Add a “dummy code” you can map to the Z30code. 
• 
Alternative: Code with both the Z30-and the state-mandated 
code, but suppress printing of the Z30-code. Take care not 
to count the same visit twice. 




5. Are we required to report all diagnoses and services rendered during a visit? 

Yes and no. No, because there are many diagnoses that may be used but not collected on Table 6A. Yes, 
because documentation and reporting of all diagnoses (not just primary diagnosis) and services rendered 
during all UDS countable visits are required. It is important that you appropriately document the breadth of 
comprehensive services delivered during each visit, including behavioral health services provided during a 
medical visit (e.g., Screening, Brief Intervention, and Referral to Treatment [SBIRT] and/or treatment and 
counseling for mental health and substance use disorders). 


6. What happens if the CPT, HCPCS, or ICD-10-CM codes change again? 

The codes are reviewed and updated annually by the UDS Support Center personnel. If you think a CPT, 
ICD, HCPCS, or ADA code for a measure is not reflected in the list or has changed, contact the UDS Support 
Center at 1-866-UDS HELP, or E-mail address of UDS Support Center 
, or BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
. Personnel will review 
the code(s) with HRSA’s BPHC and advise you on how to report for the calendar year. HRSA’s BPHC 
approved changes to codes will also be incorporated in the manual for future reporting. 


7. Are there ICD-10-CM codes for PrEP prescribing and management? 

It is critical that health centers limit the reporting of Line 21e to patients prescribed PrEP based on a 
patient’s risk for HIV exposure AND limited to FTC/TDF or FTC/TAF or cabotegravir for the purposes of 
preventing HIV. ICD-10-CM code Z29.81 should be used to identify PrEP prescribing and management for 
health center patients. Health centers can cross check and compare their counts withHIV webpage on Content Details of America’s HIV Epidemic Analysis Dashboard 
, which provides state-and territory-level counts of individuals prescribed PrEP. 


8. Should suspected, possible, probable, or inconclusive SARS-CoV-2 (novel coronavirus) disease 
screening and/or tests be reported as diagnosed? 

No. If the provider documents “suspected,” “possible,” “probable,” or “inconclusive” coronavirus (SARSCoV-
2) disease, DO NOT assign code U07.1 and DO NOT report the patient as having this diagnosis. Only 
report confirmed novel coronavirus cases. 


9. If a patient presents to the health center with pneumonia or other health conditions caused by 
coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) disease, is the other health condition reported on Table 6A? 

Assign code U07.1 and the appropriate ICD-10 code associated with the other health condition. 
Documentation in the patient’s health record and reporting of all diagnoses (not just primary diagnosis) and 
services rendered during the visit are required, if applicable. For example, if a patient has pneumonia 
confirmed due to coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) disease, assign and report codes U07.1 (coronavirus disease) on 
Line 4c and J12.89 (other viral pneumonia) on Line 6a. 





10. We DO NOT perform some services and tests and refer these out. Can we count these? 

Possibly. If you perform the service, or if you DO NOT perform the service or test but paid another provider 
to provide the requested service, or if the results are returned to the health center provider to evaluate and 
provide results back to the patient, you may report these services. The following examples illustrate these 
rules: 

• Report a Pap test specimen collected by the health center but read by an outside pathologist who then bills 
a third party and reports the results back to the health center. 
• Report a blood draw performed by the health center and sent to an outside lab who then bills Medicaid 
and sends the results back to the health center. 
• DO NOT report the referral of a patient to the local hospital or county health department for a 
mammogram where the local hospital or county health department providers perform the test and provide 
results directly to the patient. 



11. Can we count patients on multiple lines if they had more than one type of service at a visit? 

If patients receive multiple services at one visit and the services are shown on this table, you should report the 
patient and visit once on each applicable line. The following examples illustrate these rules: 

• Report a patient with hypertension who also receives an HIV test on Line 11 (hypertension) and on Line 
21 (HIV test). 
• If both an HIV test and a Pap test were provided during a visit, then report a visit on both Line 21 (HIV 
test) and Line 23 (Pap test). 
• If a patient receives multiple immunizations at one visit, report only one visit on Line 24. 
• Report a patient who comes in for an annual physical and a flu shot. Report this patient on Line 24a (flu 
shot) but not on any diagnostic line (since annual physical is not collected on this table). 



12. Can we count patients as having received alcohol-or substance use–related SBIRT when only some 
components are complete? 

To count the patient as having received SBIRT (Line 26b), the patient must have received screening and brief 
intervention OR screening, brief intervention, and referral to treatment. 


13. Is it expected that we include all patients of any age for Line 26e, Childhood development screenings 
and evaluations, if the listed ICD-10 or CPT-4 codes apply? 

No. The intent for Line 26e is to report on patients in the age range specified in the HRSA grants webpage on Content Details of Early Childhood Development Notice of Funding Opportunity 
who had childhood development screenings and evaluations 
using the listed ICD-10 or CPT-4 codes. 


14. Is it expected that all patients of a certain age be routinely screened for ADRD? 

No. ADRD screening is only indicated in cases where the provider has determined screening of a patient’s 
cognitive decline is appropriate based on symptoms. 


15. What are the acceptable screeners for ADRD screening? 

Use the cognitive screeners included in the value set listed on Line 26f, including Brief Interview for Mental 
Status (BIMS) Minimum Data Set version 3 (MDSv3), Saint Louis University Mental Status Examination 





(SLUMS), Informant Questionnaire on Cognitive Decline in the Elderly (IQCODE), the Eight-item Informant 
Interview to Differentiate Aging and Dementia (AD8®), the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), the 
Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Blessed Orientation-Memory-Concentration (BOMC), and Mini-
Cog©. 




 U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) webpage on Content Details of Information about Medications for Opioid Use Disorder (MOUD)


Circle Used as Bullet 
Circle Used as Bullet 
16.Are there limits on what we should include on Line 26c3 for MOUD? Do the medications need to be 
administered at the health center?
Count only medications provided to patients that are specifically approved by the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) for OUD treatment using the medications included in the value set listed on Line 
26c3. These medications are limited to buprenorphine, methadone, and naltrexone only. As with other lines 
on this table, report only when MOUD was:
oPrescribed and administered by an eligible health center provider oronot provided by the health center, but administered by an eligible provider, and paid for by the health 
center.






TABLE 6A: SELECTED DIAGNOSES AND SERVICES RENDERED

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

SELECTED DIAGNOSES

Line Diagnostic Category 
Applicable ICD 10 CM Code or Value Set 
Object Identifier (OID) 
Number of Visits 
by Diagnosis 
Regardless of 
Primacy (a) 
Number of 
Patients with 
Diagnosis (b) 
Selected Infectious and 
Parasitic Diseases 
1–2 Symptomatic/Asymptomatic 
human immunodeficiency 
virus (HIV) 
ICD-10: B20, B97.35, O98.7-, Z21 
OID: 
2.16.840.1.113883.3.464.1003.120.12.1003 
3 Tuberculosis ICD-10: A15-through A19-, B90-, J65, 
O98.0-, P37.0 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1146.451 
4 Sexually transmitted 
infections (gonococcal 
infections and venereal 
diseases) 
ICD-10: A50-through A64-, A69.0, A69.1, 
A69.8, A69.9 
OID: 
2.16.840.1.113883.3.464.1003.112.11.1003 
4a Hepatitis B ICD-10: B16.0 through B16.2, B16.9, 
B18.0, B18.1, B19.1OID: 
2.16.840.1.113883.3.67.1.101.1.271 
4b Hepatitis C ICD-10: B17.1-, B18.2, B19.2OID: 
2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1222.30 
4c Novel coronavirus (SARSCoV-
2) disease 
ICD-10: U07.1 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1248.139 
4d Long COVID ICD-10: U09, U09.9 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1178.98 
Selected Diseases of the 
Respiratory System 
5 Asthma ICD-10: J45OID: 
2.16.840.1.113883.3.526.2.60 
6 Chronic lower respiratory 
diseases 
ICD-10: J40 (count J40 only when code 
U07.1 is not present), J41-through J44-, 
J47-, J4A6a 
Respiratory conditions 
related to COVID-19 
ICD-10: J12.82, J12.89, J20.8, J40, J22, 
J98.8, J80 (count codes listed only when 
code U07.1 is also present) 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1029.374 
Selected Other Medical 
Conditions7 Abnormal breast findings, 
female 
ICD-10: C50.01-, C50.11-, C50.21-, C50.31, 
C50.41-, C50.51-, C50.61-, C50.81-, 
C50.91-, C79.81, D05-, D24.-, D48.6-, 
D49.3, N60-through N65-, R928 
Abnormal cervical findings ICD-10: C53-, C79.82, D06-, N87.0, N87.1, 
N87.9, R87.61-(exclude R87.615 and 
R87.616), R87.629, R87.810, R87.820 
9 Diabetes mellitus ICD-10: E08-through E13-, O24-(exclude 
O24.4-) 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1219.35 


10 Heart disease (selected) ICD-10: I01-, I02-(exclude I02.9), I20through 
I25-, I27-, I28-, I30-through I52-, 
Q2411 
Hypertension ICD-10: I10-through I16-, O10-, O11OID: 
2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1222.1547 
(includes all codes other than O11-) 
12 Contact dermatitis and other 
eczema 
ICD-10: H01.13-, L20.89, L23-through 
L25-, L30-(exclude L30.1, L30.3, L30.4, 
L30.5) 
13 Dehydration ICD-10: E8614 
Exposure to heat or cold ICD-10: T33-, T34-, T67-, T68-, T69-, W92, 
W93-, X30-, X31-, X3214a 
Overweight and obesity ICD-10: E66-, Z68-(exclude Z68.1, Z68.20 
through Z68.24, Z68.51, Z68.52) 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1222.35 
(includes all E66-codes except E66.3) 
Selected Childhood 
Conditions (limited to ages0 through 17) 
15 Otitis media and Eustachian 
tube disorders 
ICD-10: H65-through H69-, H7216 
Selected perinatal/neonatal 
medical conditions 
ICD-10: A33, P19-, P22-through P29(
exclude P29.3-), P35-through P96-(exclude 
P54-, P91.6-, P92-, P96.81), Q8617 
Lack of expected normal 
physiological development 
(such as delayed milestone, 
failure to gain weight, 
failure to thrive); nutritional 
deficiencies in children 
only. Does not include 
sexual or mental 
development. 
ICD-10: E40-through E46-, E50-through 
E63-, P92-, R62-(exclude R62.7), R63.3(
exclude R63.39) 
Selected Mental Health 
Conditions, Substance UseDisorders, and 
Exploitations 
18 Alcohol-related disorders ICD-10: F10-, G62.1, K70-, O99.3119 
Other substance-related 
disorders (excluding 
tobacco use disorders) 
ICD-10: F11-through F19-(exclude F17-), 
G62.0, O99.3219a 
Tobacco use disorder ICD-10: F17-, O99.33-, Z72.0 
20a Depression and other mood 
disorders 
ICD-10: F30-through F3920b 
Anxiety disorders, including 
post-traumatic stress 
disorder (PTSD) 
ICD-10: F06.4, F40-through F42-, F43.0, 
F43.1-, F43.8-, F93.0 
20c Attention deficit and 
disruptive behavior 
disorders 
ICD-10: F90-through F91



20d Other mental disorders, 
excluding drug or alcohol 
dependence 
ICD-10: F01-through F09-(exclude F06.4), 
F20-through F29-, F43-through F48(
exclude F43.0-and F43.1-), F50-through 
F99-(exclude F55-, F84.2, F90-, F91-, 
F93.0, F98-), O99.34-, R45.1, R45.2, R45.5, 
R45.6, R45.7, R45.81, R45.82, R48.0 
20e Human trafficking ICD-10: T74.5-through T74.6-, T76.5through 
T76.6-, Z04.81, Z04.82, Z62.813, 
Z91.42 
20f Intimate partner violence ICD-10: T74.11-, T74.21-, T74.31-, Z69.11 

SELECTED SERVICES RENDERED 

Line Service Category 
Applicable ICD 10 CM, CPT 4/PLA, or 
HCPCS Code 
Number of Visits 
(a) 
Number of 
Patients (b) 
Selected Diagnostic Tests/ 
Screening/Preventive 
Services 
21 HIV test CPT-4: 86689, 86701 through 86703, 87389 
through 87391, 87534 through 87539, 87806 
HCPCS: G0432 through G0435, G0475 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1056.50 
21a Hepatitis B test CPT-4: 80074, 86704 through 86707, 
87340, 87341, 87350, 87467, 87912 
HCPCS: G0499 
21b Hepatitis C test CPT-4: 80074, 86803, 86804, 87520 
through 87522, 87902 
HCPCS: G0472 
21c Novel coronavirus (SARSCoV-
2) diagnostic test 
CPT-4: 87426, 87428, 87635, 87636, 87637, 
87811 
HCPCS: U0001, U0002 
CPT PLA: 0202U, 0223U, 0225U, 0240U, 
0241U 
21d Novel coronavirus (SARSCoV-
2) antibody test 
ICD-10: Z01.84 
CPT-4: 86318, 86328, 86408, 86409, 86413, 
86769 
CPT PLA: 0224U, 0226U 
21e Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis 
(PrEP)-associated 
prescribing and 
management 
ICD-10: Z29.81 
22 Mammogram ICD-10: Z12.31 
CPT-4: 77061, 77062, 77063, 77065, 77066, 
77067 
HCPCS: G0279 


23 Pap test ICD-10: R87.619, R87.629, Z01.41-, 
Z01.42, Z12.4 (exclude Z01.411 and 
Z01.419) 
CPT-4: 88141 through 88153, 88155, 88164 
through 88167, 88174, 88175 
HCPCS: G0123, G0143, G0144, G0145, 
G0147, G0148, P3000 
24 Selected immunizations: 
hepatitis A; haemophilus 
influenzae B (HiB); 
pneumococcal, diphtheria, 
tetanus, pertussis (DTaP) 
(DTP) (DT); measles, 
mumps, rubella (MMR); 
poliovirus; varicella; 
hepatitis B 
CPT-4: 90371, 90389, 90396, 90632, 90633, 
90634, 90636, 90644, 90645, 90646, 90647, 
90648, 90669, 90670, 90671, 90677, 90684, 
90696, 90698, 90700, 90701, 90702, 90703, 
90704, 90705, 90706, 90707, 90708, 90710, 
90712, 90713, 90714, 90715, 90716, 90720, 
90721, 90723, 90730, 90731, 90732, 90739, 
90740, 90743, 90744, 90745, 90746, 90747, 
90748, 9075924a Seasonal flu vaccine CPT-4: 90630, 90653, 90654, 90656, 90657, 
90658, 90659, 90660, 90661, 90662, 90672, 
90673, 90674, 90682, 90685, 90686, 90687, 
90688, 90694, 90724, 9075624b Coronavirus (SARS-CoV2) 
vaccine 
CPT-4: 91300 through 91322 
25 Contraceptive management ICD-10: Z3026 
Health supervision of infant 
or child (ages 0 through 11) 
ICD-10: Z00.1-, Z76.1. Z76.2 
CPT-4: 99381 through 99383, 99391 
through 99393 
26a Childhood lead test 
screening (9 to 72 months) 
ICD-10: Z13.88 
CPT-4: 83655 
26b Screening, Brief 
Intervention, and Referral to 
Treatment (SBIRT) 
CPT-4: 99408, 99409 
HCPCS: G0396, G0397, G0443, H0050 
26c Smoke and tobacco use 
cessation counseling 
ICD-10: Z71.6 
CPT-4: 99406, 99407 
HCPCS: G9906 
26c2 Tobacco use cessation 
pharmacotherapies 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113883.3.526.3.1190 
26c3 Medications for opioid use 
disorder (MOUD) 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113762.1.4.1046.269 
26d Comprehensive and 
intermediate eye exams 
CPT-4: 92002, 92004, 92012, 92014 
26e Childhood development 
screenings and evaluations 
ICD-10: Z13.4CPT-
4: 96110, 96112, 96113, 96127 
26f Alzheimer’s disease and 
related dementias (ADRD) 
screening 
CPT-4: 99483 
OID: 2.16.840.1.113883.3.526.3.1006 


Line Service Category Applicable ADA Code 
Number of Visits 
(a) 
Number of 
Patients (b) 
Selected Dental Services 
27 Emergency services CDT: D0140, D9110 
28 Oral exams CDT: D0120, D0145, D0150, D0160, 
D0170, D0171, D0180 
29 Prophylaxis—adult or child CDT: D1110, D1120 
30 Sealants CDT: D1351 
31 Fluoride treatment—adult or 
child 
CDT: D1206, D1208 
CPT-4: 99188 
32 Restorative services CDT: D21xx through D29xx 
33 Oral surgery (extractions 
and other surgical 
procedures) 
CDT: D7xxx 
34 Rehabilitative services 
(Endo, Perio, Prostho, 
Ortho) 
CDT: D3xxx, D4xxx, D5xxx, D6xxx, 
D8xxx 

SOURCES OF CODES 

Code System Primary Source Secondary Source 
ICD-10-CM The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) webpage on Content Details of National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) 
ICD10Data.com Website. 
CPT American Medical Association (AMA) webpage on Content Details of CPT® Codes
The U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website.
Code on Dental Procedures and 
Nomenclature (CDT) American Dental Association (ADA) webpage on Content Details of The CDT Code
CVX The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) webpage CDC Vaccine Administered Code Set (CVX) 
HCPCS The U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website.
HCPCSData.com website 
Value Sets National Library of Medicine Value Set Authority Center website.


Note: “X” in a code denotes any number, including the absence of a number in that place. Dashes (-) in a code 
indicate that additional characters are required. ICD-10-CM codes all have at least four digits. These codes are not 
intended to show whether or not a code is billable. Instead, they are used to point out that other codes in the series 
are to be considered. 

Table 6A Cross-Table Considerations: 

• The count of patients by diagnosis reported on Table 6A will not be the same count as on Tables 6B and 7, 
due to differences in criteria that must be met for inclusion on Tables 6B or 7. 
• If you submit Grant Reports, the total number of patients and visits reported on the grant table must be less 
than or equal to the corresponding number on the Universal Report for each cell. 



Instructions for Tables 6B and 7 

Tables 6B and 7 collect data on selected quality of care and clinical health outcome measures. HRSA’s BPHC 
first implemented these measures in 2008 and continues to update them. HRSA’s BPHC will continue to revise 
and expand these measures consistent with the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services webpage on Content Details of National Quality Strategy 
, The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services webpage on Content Details of CMS electronic clinical quality measures (eCQMs) 
, and other national quality initiatives. 

The clinical quality measures (CQMs) described in this manual must be reported by all health centers using 
specifications detailed in the measure definitions described below. The majority of the UDS CQMs are aligned 
with Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS 2025 Performance Period Eligible Professional/Eligible Clinician eCQMs 
. Use the most current CMS-
issued eCQM specifications for the eCQM number and version referenced in the UDS Manual for 2025 reporting 
and measurement period. Although there are other year and version updates available from CMS, they are NOT 
to be used for 2025 reporting. 

Note: The phrase “measurement period” used in this section is intended to represent calendar year 2025 unless 
another timeframe is specifically noted. 

For UDS CQM reporting, evaluate and include patients seen during the year for a countable UDS visit on Table 5 
AND who had a visit that meets the qualifying encounter definitions in the CQM criteria. 

Complete descriptions of the measure specifications can be found at the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) Resource Center 
. The eCQM measure numbers and links are provided to help you, when 
applicable. Further clarification or interpretation of CMS eCQMs may be provided by the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of eCQM Flows 
and the 
measure steward (listed in Appendix G 
). The Measure Compare tool function available through the eCQM links 
compares two consecutive years of eCQM specifications and highlights changes. HRSA’s BPHC defers to the 
guidance of the measure steward organization responsible for providing and maintaining the measure 
requirements and logic statements that describe the criteria for eCQM reporting. Additionally, the use of official 
versions of vocabulary value sets as contained in the National Library of Medicine webpage on Content Details of Value Set Authority Center (VSAC) 
Reference 12 
is encouraged for 
health centers capable of appropriately using this resource as defined to support the data reporting of these CQMs. 

Note: CMS uses logic statements describing the criteria for eCQM reporting using Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of Clinical Quality Language (CQL) 
in an effort to standardize reporting workflows. It is recommended that health centers review workflows 
and work with their health IT/electronic health record (EHR) vendors and IT personnel to make sure that required 
data are being captured correctly to calculate measures. 

COLUMN LOGIC INSTRUCTIONS 

Column A (A, 2A, or 3A): Number of Patients in the Denominator 

• Report the total number of patients who fulfill the detailed criteria described for the specified measure. 
• Report all health center patients meeting the criteria in the denominator, including patients seen at all sites 
(e.g., urgent care, prenatal), at all in-scope programs (e.g., targeted programs, special medically underserved 
populations), and by all providers. 
• Remove patients who meet exclusion criteria from the denominator. 
• Remove patients who meet exception criteria and do not meet numerator criteria from the denominator. 


12 Requires free user account and login. 

Because the denominator for each measure is defined in whole or in part in terms of age (or age and sex), 
comparisons to the numbers on Tables 3A, 6B, and 7 will be made when evaluating your submission. The 
numbers in Column A of Tables 6B and 7 will NOT be equal to those that might be calculated on Table 3A for 
the following reasons: 

(1)Table 3A measures age as of December 31 of the calendar year. Tables 6B and 7 measure stewards maydefine other time periods to measure age.
(2)Most of the measures have exclusion and exception criteria that exclude some patients from theassessment.


Although comparisons may be made between the numbers on Table 6A and Tables 6B and 7, the numbers in 
Column A of Tables 6B and 7 will NOT be equal to those reported in Column B of Table 6A for the following 
reasons: 

(1)All patients, regardless of age, seen for all reportable services and diagnoses, are included on Table 6A,
but Tables 6B and 7 relate only to patients of specific age ranges.
(2)Table 6A asks about selected diagnoses and services during the calendar year, but in Tables 6B and 7measures may require patients to be considered based on active diagnoses or a look-back period of completedservices.
(3)Codes used for metrics across the two tables may differ.


Typically, not all prenatal care patients will deliver during the calendar year. For this reason, birth outcomes on 
Table 7 are compared to prenatal care patients on Table 6B. 

Column B (B, 2B, or 3B): Number of Records Reviewed 

•Report the total number of health center patients from the denominator (Column A) for whom data have beenreviewed. The number will essentially become the denominator in evaluating the numerator criteria and willbe:

Circle Used as Bullet 
all patients who fit the criteria (the same number as the denominator reported in Column A), or
Circle Used as Bullet 
a number equal to or greater than 80%Reference 13 
of all patients who meet the criteria (a value no less than 80% ofthe denominator reported in Column A). See Appendix C 
for more information on reduced denominatorreporting.





Records for new patients should be obtained from their former providers to document prior treatment, including 
data for look-back periods. Patient health records, including tests and procedures, obtained from other providers 
may be recorded in the health center’s health IT/EHR system consistent with internal patient health records 
policies, at which point they may be used in the calculated performance rate for the applicable measure. 

The number in Column B (records reviewed) must be no less than 80% of the number in Column A. The reduced 
total (in Column B) may not be the result of excluding patients based on a variable related to the measure (e.g., if 
patients from a pediatric service delivery site are missing from the health IT/EHR, this method cannot be used for 
the Childhood Immunization Status eCQM). 

13 To streamline the process for reporting on the CQMs, and to encourage the use of health IT to report on the full denominator of patients, health centers 
may use all of the records available in the health IT/EHR for any given clinical quality measure if at least 80% of all health center patients’ health records are 
included in the health IT/EHR and the patients missing from the health IT/EHR are not related to any target group or variable involved with that given 
measure. For example, if the patients from a pediatric service delivery site are missing in the health IT/EHR, it cannot be used for the childhood 
immunization measure. 

Column C (C or 2C) or 3F: Number of Charts/Records Meeting the Numerator 
Criteria 

• Report the total number of records (included in the count for Column B) that meet the numerator criteria for 
the specified CQM. The number in Column C or F (records in the numerator) can never exceed the number in 
Column B (patient health records reviewed). 
• Remove patients who meet exception criteria from the numerator and denominator if numerator criteria are 
not met. 


Note: The percentage of patient health records meeting the numerator criteria can be calculated by dividing 
Column C or 3F by Column B. 

And vs. Or 

In the measures described in this section, when reviewing the measure specifications, conditions linked with 
“and” mean that each of the conditions must be met. If some but not all conditions are met, the services for that 
patient did not meet the numerator criteria. 

Conditions linked with “or” mean that criteria must be evaluated in the order prescribed by the measure 
specifications. For example, if the first statement is not met, move to the second, then the third, and so on. If none 
of the conditions are met, the services for that patient do not meet the numerator criteria. 

DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLINICAL QUALITY MEASURES 

The CQMs reported in the UDS relate to patients who had a countable visit. Report each measure using the 
criteria outlined below. Each measure has been organized in the same way to help with data collection and 
reporting. 

• Measure Description: The quantifiable indicator to be evaluated. 
• Denominator: Patients who fit the detailed criteria described in the specific measure are to be included and 
evaluated. 
• Qualifying Encounter: An encounter, as outlined in the particular eCQM’s measure specifications, at which 
a patient is considered eligible for the eCQM and, therefore, is included in the denominator. 
• Numerator: Records (from the denominator) that meet the criteria for the specified measure. 
• Denominator Exclusions: Patients not to be considered for the measure and who are removed from the 
denominator before determining if numerator criteria are met. 
• Denominator Exceptions: Patients who meet denominator criteria, do not meet numerator criteria, and meet 
any of the exceptions listed for the measure and, therefore, are removed from the denominator and numerator. 
• Specification Guidance: CMS measure guidance that assists with understanding and implementing eCQMs. 
• UDS Reporting Considerations: Additional requirements and guidance from HRSA’s BPHC that must be 
applied to the specific measure and that may differ from or expand on the eCQM specifications. 



For each CQM, determine whether an individual is included in the measure denominator. 

1. First, determine whether the individual is a patient who had at least one UDS countable visit during the 
calendar year, as reported on Table 5. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
This is a UDS reporting consideration, as this is the requirement for an individual to be 
considered a patient and for their activity to be reported across the UDS Report. See 
instructions for Countable Visits 
for guidance on what constitutes a UDS countable visit. 



2. Second, determine whether the patient who had a UDS countable visit during the calendar year meets 
the specifications outlined in the initial population criteria (such as age) for each eCQM. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
This is in alignment with the eCQM specifications, as determined by the individual measure 
steward, and differs for each measure. The initial population criteria for each eCQM can be 
found at the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) Resource Center 
. 



3. Third, determine whether the patient had a qualifying encounter, as outlined in the eCQM 
specifications. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
This is in alignment with the eCQM specifications, as determined by the individual measure 
steward, and differs for each measure. The qualifying encounter criteria for each eCQM can be 
found at the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS eCQI Resource Center 
. 





Patients included in the denominator are then evaluated for inclusion in the numerator, based on the criteria 
outlined in the specified measure. 


Instructions for Table 6B: Quality of Care Measures 

The quality of care measures reported on Table 6B are “process measures.”Reference 14 
This means they document services 
that have been shown to be correlated with and serve as a proxy for positive long-term health outcomes. 
Individuals who receive routine preventive care and timely chronic care are more likely to have positive 
outcomes. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

Several key changes have been made to Table 6B, as outlined below: 

• The specifications for the reported clinical quality measures (CQMs) have been revised to align with the CMS 
eCQMs. The CQMs are aligned with the most current eCQMs for Eligible Professionals for the 2025 version 
number referenced in the UDS Manual for the measurement period. (Later version updates are available, but 
they should not be used for the 2025 reporting.) 
• Determination for trimester of entry has been updated to last menstrual period or when the prenatal care 
patient was clinically determined to have been in their first trimester based on documented estimated date of 
delivery (EDD). 
• Two new clinical quality measures have been added to report on the initiation and engagement of substance 
use disorder (SUD) treatment for patients aged 13 and older who were diagnosed with a new SUD episode. 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 6B: QUALITY OF CARE MEASURES 

This table specifically includes the following CQMs: 

Screening and Preventive Care 
Maternal Care and 
Children’s Health Disease Management 
• 
Cervical Cancer Screening 
• 
Breast Cancer Screening 
• 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Body Mass Index (BMI) Screening 
and Follow-Up Plan 
• 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Tobacco Use: Screening and 
Cessation Intervention 
• 
Colorectal Cancer Screening 
• 
HIV Screening 
• 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Screening for Depression and 
Follow-Up Plan 


• 
Early Entry into Prenatal Care 
• 
Childhood Immunization Status 
• 
Weight Assessment and Counseling 
for Nutrition and Physical Activity 
for Children/Adolescents 
• 
Dental Sealants for Children 
between 6–9 Years 


• 
Statin Therapy for the Prevention 
and Treatment of Cardiovascular 
Disease 
• 
Ischemic Vascular Disease (IVD): 
Use of Aspirin or Another 
Antiplatelet 
• 
HIV Linkage to Care 
• 
Depression Remission at Twelve 
Months 
• 
Initiation and Engagement of SUD 
Treatment 




14 The Depression Remission measure is an outcome measure. 

SECTIONS A AND B: DEMOGRAPHIC CHARACTERISTICS OF PRENATAL CARE PATIENTS 

This section includes information about patients in the prenatal care program. 

• Report on all women who are either provided direct prenatal care or referred for prenatal care. 
• Report on the age and trimester of entry into prenatal care for all prenatal care patients, regardless of whether 
they receive all or some of their prenatal services in the health center or are referred elsewhere. 
• DO NOT include women who had a positive pregnancy test but did not initiate prenatal care with the health 
center or its referral network. 
• DO NOT include women who did not receive prenatal care from a health center provider or who were not 
referred by the health center to another provider for prenatal care. 
• DO NOT include women who chose to receive all their prenatal care outside of the health center’s referral 
network. 
• DO NOT include pregnant women who received care unrelated to their pregnancy at the health center but 
who are being seen for prenatal care outside the health center or its referral network. 


Prenatal Care by Referral Only (check box) 

All health centers are required to provide prenatal care to patients, either directly or by referral. 

• Check the “Prenatal Care by Referral Only” box if you provide prenatal care to patients only through direct 
formal written referral to another provider (such as a memorandum of understanding or memorandum of 
agreement), as described on HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Form 5A, Columns II and III 
. 
• DO NOT check this box if your health center providers provide some or all prenatal care to patients directly. 


Section A: Age of Prenatal Care Patients (Lines 1–6) 

• Report the total number of patients by age group who received prenatal care during the calendar year from the 
health center or from a provider in your referral network. Include all patients receiving any prenatal care, 
including the delivery of their child, during the calendar year, regardless of when that care was initiated. 
• Include patients who: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
receive all their prenatal care from the health center, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
were referred by the health center to another provider for all their prenatal care, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
began prenatal care with another provider but transferred to the health center at some point during their 
prenatal care, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
began prenatal care with the health center but transferred to another provider at some point during their 
prenatal care, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
were provided with all their prenatal care by a health center provider but were delivered by another 
provider, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
began or were referred for care during the previous calendar year or in this calendar year and delivered 
during the calendar year, or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
began or were referred for their care in this calendar year but will not or did not deliver until the next 
year. 



• To determine the appropriate age group, use the patient’s age on December 31 of the calendar year. 



Note: As many as half of all prenatal care patients reported will usually have been reported in the prior year or 
will be reported in the next year. 

Section B: Early Entry into Prenatal Care (Lines 7–9), No eCQM 

Measure Description 

Percentage of prenatal care patients who entered prenatal care during their first trimester. 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Line 7 + Line 8 + Line 9, Columns A + B 

• Patients seen for prenatal care during the year 


Numerator: Line 7, Columns A + B 

• Patients who began prenatal care at the health center or with a referral provider (Column A), or who began 
care with another prenatal provider (Column B), during their first trimester 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 



• Denominator Exceptions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Not applicable 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• Report on Lines 7–9 all patients who received prenatal care, either directly or through a referral, including but 
not limited to the delivery of a baby during the calendar year. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
First Trimester (Line 7): Report women who were prenatal care patients during the measurement period 
and whose first visit occurred when they were estimated to be pregnant up through the end of the 13th 
week after the first day of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically determined to have 
been in their first trimester based on documented estimated date of delivery (EDD). 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Second Trimester (Line 8): Report women who were prenatal care patients during the measurement 
period whose first visit occurred when they were estimated to be between the start of the 14th week and 
the end of the 27th week after the first day of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically 
determined to have been in their second trimester based on documented EDD. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Third Trimester (Line 9): Report women who were prenatal care patients during the measurement 
period and whose first visit occurred when they were estimated to be 28 weeks or more after the first day 
of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically determined to have been in their third trimester 
based on documented EDD. 






Note: It is unusual for the number in Column B to be very large or larger than that in Column A. This is 
especially true for the third trimester, because it would require patients to have begun care very late and then 
transfer to the health center in a very short period of time. 

The sum of the numbers in the six cells of Lines 7 through 9 is the total number of patients who received some or 
all of their prenatal care from the health center during the calendar year and is equal to the number reported on 
Line 6. 

• Use the following criteria to identify how prenatal care patients are reported: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Only report patients who had their first comprehensive prenatal exam with the health center or with the 
referral provider as having begun prenatal care. Health center visits that include pregnancy and other lab 
tests, dispensing vitamins, taking a health history, and/or obtaining a nutritional or psychosocial 
assessment only DO NOT count as the start of prenatal care. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Determine the trimester by the trimester of pregnancy that the patient was in when they began prenatal 
care either at one of the health center’s service delivery locations or with another provider, including a 
referral provider. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Report a patient who begins prenatal care with the health center or is referred by the health center to 
another provider only once in Column A (NOT in Column B). 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Report a patient who begins prenatal care on their own with another provider and then transfers to the 
health center only once in Column B (NOT in Column A). 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patient self-report of trimester of entry is permitted. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Report the patient twice as a prenatal care patient in those rare instances when a patient receives prenatal 
care services for two separate pregnancies in the same calendar year. 





SECTIONS C THROUGH M: OTHER QUALITY OF CARE MEASURES 

• For each of the measures, specifically assess patients seen during the year for a UDS countable visit AND 
CQM qualifying encounter, as specified in the measure criteria (i.e., patients who had a visit reported on 
Table 5 at least once during the measurement period AND who had a visit that meets the qualifying encounter 
specifications in a given measure). 
• For each of these measures, calculate age using the specified dates as required for each eCQM. 
• Patients seen only for care in an urgent care setting, patients seen only once for acute care, patients seen only 
for specialty care, and/or patients who have since left the practice are not to be excluded from the measures. 
Patients with a countable visit during the calendar year (reported anywhere on Table 5) and who meet the 
qualifying encounter criteria in the measure specifications are to be included. 
• For measures requiring the completion of screenings, tests, or procedures to meet the numerator criteria, the 
findings of the screenings, test results, or procedures must be accessible in the patient health record. 


Note: In this section, the term “measurement period” is the timeframe specified by the measure steward. For 
measures not electronically specified, the measurement period is calendar year 2025. 


Childhood Immunization Status (Line 10), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS117v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of children 2 years of age who had four diphtheria, tetanus and acellular pertussis (DTaP); three polio 
(IPV), one measles, mumps and rubella (MMR); three or four H influenza type B (HiB); three Hepatitis B 
(HepB); one chicken pox (VZV); four pneumococcal conjugate (PCV); one Hepatitis A (HepA); two or three 
rotavirus (RV); and two influenza (flu) vaccines by their second birthday. 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Children who turn 2 years of age during the measurement period and who had a qualifying encounter during 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Include only patients who turn 2 years of age during the measurement period, reflective of children with 
birthdate on or after January 1, 2023, and birthdate on or before December 31, 2023. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTaP) vaccination 

Children with any of the following on or before the child’s second birthday meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least four DTaP vaccinations, with different dates of service. DO NOT count a vaccination 
administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the diphtheria, tetanus, or pertussis vaccine. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Encephalitis due to the diphtheria, tetanus, or pertussis vaccine. 



• Poliovirus vaccination (IPV) 

Children with either of the following on or before the child’s second birthday meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least three IPV vaccinations, with different dates of service. DO NOT count a vaccination 
administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the IPV vaccine. 



• Measles, mumps, and rubella vaccination (MMR) 

Children with any of the following meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least one MMR vaccination on or between the child’s first and second birthdays. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the MMR vaccine on or before the child’s second birthday. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
All of the following anytime on or before the child’s second birthday (on the same or different date of 
service): history of measles, mumps, or rubella. 



• Haemophilus influenzae type B vaccination (HiB) 

Children with either of the following meet the criteria on or before the child’s second birthday: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least three HiB vaccinations, with different dates of service. DO NOT count a vaccination 
administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the Hib vaccine. 






• Hepatitis B (HepB) 

Children with any of the following on or before the child’s second birthday meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least three hepatitis B vaccinations, with different dates of service. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
One of the three vaccinations can be a newborn hepatitis B vaccination during the eight-day period that 
begins on the date of birth and ends seven days after the date of birth. For example, if the patient’s date of 
birth is December 1, the newborn hepatitis B vaccination must be on or between December 1 and 
December 8. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the hepatitis B vaccine. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
History of hepatitis B illness. 



• Varicella vaccination (VZV) 

Children with any of the following meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least one VZV vaccination, with a date of service on or between the child’s first and second birthdays. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the VZV vaccine on or before the child’s second birthday. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
History of varicella zoster (e.g., chicken pox) illness on or before the child’s second birthday. 



• Pneumococcal conjugate (PCV) 

Children with either of the following on or before the child’s second birthday meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least four pneumococcal conjugate vaccinations, with different dates of service on or before the child’s 
second birthday. DO NOT count a vaccination administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the pneumococcal vaccine on or before the child’s second birthday. 



• Hepatitis A (HepA) 

Children with any of the following meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least one hepatitis A vaccination, with a date of service on or between the child’s first and second 
birthdays. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the hepatitis A vaccine on or before the child’s second birthday. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
History of hepatitis A illness on or before the child’s second birthday. 



• Rotavirus (RV) 

Children with any of the following meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least two doses of the two-dose rotavirus vaccine on different dates of service on or before the child’s 
second birthday. DO NOT count a vaccination administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
At least three doses of the three-dose rotavirus vaccine on different dates of service on or before the 
child’s second birthday. DO NOT count a vaccination administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
At least one dose of the two-dose rotavirus vaccine and at least two doses of the three-dose rotavirus 
vaccine, all on different dates of service, on or before the child’s second birthday. DO NOT count a 
vaccination administered prior to 42 days after birth. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the rotavirus vaccine on or before the child’s second birthday. 






• Influenza (Flu) 

Children with either of the following on or before their second birthday meet the criteria: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
At least two influenza vaccinations, with different dates of service on or before the child’s second 
birthday. DO NOT count a vaccination administered prior to 6 months (180 days) after birth. 

Square Used as Bullet 
One of the two vaccinations can be a live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV) vaccination (the nasal 
spray flu vaccine) administered on the child’s second birthday. DO NOT count a LAIV vaccination 
administered before the child’s second birthday. 



Circle Used as Bullet 
Anaphylaxis due to the influenza vaccine. 





Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Children who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Children with any of the following on or before the child’s second birthday: 

Square Used as Bullet 
Severe combined immunodeficiency 
Square Used as Bullet 
Immunodeficiency 
Square Used as Bullet 
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) 
Square Used as Bullet 
Lymphoreticular cancer, multiple myeloma, or leukemia 
Square Used as Bullet 
Intussusception 






• Denominator Exceptions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• The measure allows a grace period by measuring numerator criteria with these recommendations between 
birth and age 2. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Include children who turned 2 years of age during the measurement period, regardless of when they were seen 
for care during the year. Specifically, include them in the assessment whether the first visit in the year 
occurred before or after they turned 2. 
• Include children in the denominator if they came to the health center for well-childReference 15 
services or for any other 
medical visits, including treatment of an injury or illness. 
• Include children in the denominator for whom no vaccination information is available and/or who were first 
seen at a point when there was not enough time to fully immunize them before their second birthday. 
• Include children who had a contraindication for a specific vaccine in the denominator. Count them as being 
“CQM compliant” for that specific vaccine, if the guidance (Specification Guidance) permits it, and then 
review for the administration of the rest of the vaccines. 


15 Health centers should add to their denominator those patients whose only visits were well-child visits (99381, 99382, 99391, 99392) if their automated 
system does not include them. In addition, if your state uses different codes for EPSDT visits, those codes should be added. 

• To meet the numerator criteria, a child’s health record must be documented as being CQM compliant for each 
vaccine. 
• Registries can be used to fill any voids in the immunization record if the search is routinely done prior to or 
immediately after a visit and before the end of the measurement period, as long as the health IT/EHR is 
updated with the immunization details and coded correctly. For example, you may use an immunization 
registry maintained by the state or other public entity that shows comparable information. 
• DO NOT include patients here or anywhere on the UDS who only received a vaccination and never received 
other services. 
• DO NOT count as meeting the numerator criteria charts that only state that the “patient is up to date” with all 
immunizations and that DO NOT list the dates of all immunizations and the names of immunization agents. 
• DO NOT count toward the numerator criteria verbal assurance from a parent or other individual that a vaccine 
has been given. 
• Good-faith efforts to get a child immunized that fail DO NOT meet the numerator criteria. These include the 
following: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Parental failure to bring in the patient 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Parents who refuse due to personal beliefs about vaccines or for religious or other reasons 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients lost to follow-up 





Cervical Cancer Screening (Line 11), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS124v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of women 21Reference Asterisk 
–64 years of age who were screened for cervical cancer using either of the following 
criteria: 

• Women age 21Reference Asterisk 
–64 who had cervical cytology performed within the last 3 years 
• Women age 30–64 who had human papillomavirus (HPV) testing performed within the last 5 years 


*Use 24 as of December 31 as the initial age to include in assessment. See Specification Guidance for further 
detail. 
Calculate as follows:

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Women 24 through 64 years of age by the end of the measurement period with a qualifying encounter during 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include women with birthdate on or after January 1, 1961, and birthdate on or before December 31, 2001. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Women with one or more screenings for cervical cancer. Appropriate screenings are defined by any one of the 
following criteria: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Cervical cytology performed during the measurement period or the 2 years prior to the measurement 
period for women 24–64 years of age by the end of the measurement period. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Cervical HPV testing performed during the measurement period or the 4 years prior to the measurement 
period for women who are 30 years or older at the time of the test. 






Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women who had a hysterectomy with no residual cervix or a congenital absence of cervix 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who received palliative care for any part of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 







Specification Guidance 

• To ensure the measure is looking for a cervical cytology test only after a woman turns 21 years of age, the 
youngest age in the initial population is 23. 
• The measure may include screenings performed outside the age range of patients referenced in the initial 
population. 
• Screenings that occur prior to the measurement period are valid to meet measure criteria. 
• Evidence of high-risk human papillomavirus (hrHPV) testing within the last 5 years also captures patients 
who had cotesting, therefore, additional methods to identify cotesting are not necessary. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Include documentation in the patient health record of a cervical cytology and HPV tests performed outside of 
the health center with the date the test was performed, who performed it, and the result of the finding provided 
by the agency that conducted the test or a copy of the lab test. 
• DO NOT count as CQM compliant patient health records that note the refusal of the patient to have the test. 


Breast Cancer Screening (Line 11a), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS125v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of women 50Reference Asterisk 
–74 years of age who had a mammogram to screen for breast cancer in the 27 months 
prior to the end of the measurement period 

*Use 52 on or after December 31 as the initial age to include in assessment. See Specification Guidance for 
further detail. 
Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Women 52 through 74 years of age by the end of the measurement period with a qualifying encounter during 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include women with birthdate on or after January 1, 1951, and birthdate on or before December 31, 1973. 





Numerator: Column C 


• Women with one or more mammograms any time on or between October 1 two years prior to the 
measurement period and the end of the measurement period 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women who had a bilateral mastectomy or who have a history of a bilateral mastectomy or for whom 
there is evidence of a right and a left unilateral mastectomy on or before the end of the measurement 
period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 and older by the end of the measurement period with an indication of frailty for any part 
of the measurement period who also meet any of the following advanced illness criteria: advanced illness 
diagnosis during the measurement period or the year prior; or taking dementia medications during the 
measurement period or the year prior 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 and older by the end of the measurement period who were living long-term in a nursing 
home any time on or before the end of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who received palliative care for any part of the measurement period 



•Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• The measure evaluates primary screening. DO NOT count biopsies, breast ultrasounds, or magnetic resonance 
imaging (MRI), because they are not appropriate methods for primary breast cancer screening. 
• The measure only evaluates whether tests were performed after a woman turned 50 years of age. The 
youngest age in the initial population is 52. 
• The measure may include screenings performed outside the age range of patients referenced in the initial 
population. Screenings that occur prior to the measurement period are valid to meet measure criteria. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• If a mammogram was performed outside of the health center, include documentation in the patient health 
record at the health center with the date the test was performed, who performed it, and the result of the finding 
provided by the agency that conducted the diagnostic study or a copy of the results. 
• Include patients according to sex. 
• DO NOT count as compliant for the CQM those charts that note the refusal of the patient to receive the 
screening or test. 



Weight Assessment and Counseling for Nutrition and Physical Activity for 
Children/Adolescents (Line 12), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS155v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients 3–17 years of age who had an outpatient visit with a primary care physician (PCP) or 
obstetrician/gynecologist (OB/GYN) and who had evidence of height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) 
percentile documentation and who had documentation of counseling for nutrition and who had documentation of 
counseling for physical activity during the measurement period 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients 3 through 17 years of age by the end of the measurement period with a qualifying encounter during 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include children and adolescents with birthdate on or after January 1, 2008, and birthdate on or before 
December 31, 2022. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Children and adolescents who have had: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
their height, weight, and BMI percentile recorded during the measurement period and 
Circle Used as Bullet 
counseling for nutrition during the measurement period and 
Circle Used as Bullet 
counseling for physical activity during the measurement period. 





Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women who have a diagnosis of pregnancy during the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Because BMI norms for youth vary with age and sex, this measure evaluates whether BMI percentile is 
assessed rather than an absolute BMI value. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Include qualifying encounters performed by any provider, as included in the specification criteria. Note that 
this is different from the eCQM description, which states that the visit must be performed by a PCP or an 
OB/GYN. For example, include patients who had a medical visit with an NP. 
• The UDS numerator differs from the eCQM in that the eCQM requires the numerator elements to be reported 
separately against two age strata (age 3–11, age 12–17). For UDS purposes, the patients must have had all 
three numerator components completed to meet the numerator criteria using one age strata (age 3–17). 



• DO NOT count as meeting the numerator criteria charts that show only that a well-child visit was scheduled, 
provided, or billed. The electronic or paper well-child visit template/form must document each of the 
elements noted above. 
• Patient-reported height and weight are allowed to be used in this measure, provided the information is 
recorded in the EHR and is sufficiently accurate for use in clinical care. Determining the acceptability, 
reliability, and validity of patient-reported information is left to the discretion of the provider. 


Preventive Care and Screening: Body Mass Index (BMI) Screening and Follow-Up 
Plan (Line 13), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS69v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients aged 18 years and older with a BMI documented during the most recent visit or during the 
measurement period and who had a follow-up plan documented if BMI was outside of normal parameters 

Note: Normal parameters: For age 18 years and older, BMI greater than or equal to 18.5 kg/m2 and less than 25 
kg/m2 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients 18 years of age or older on the date of the visit with at least one qualifying encounter during the 
measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before January 1, 2007, who were 18 years of age or older on the 
date of their last visit. 





Note: Patients who only had virtual visits during the year are NOT to be included in the denominator, according 
to the measure criteria. 

Numerator: Column C 

• Patients with a documented BMI during the most recent visit or during the measurement period, and BMI is 
within normal parameters, and 
• Patients with a documented BMI during the most recent visit or during the measurement period, and when the 
BMI is outside of normal parameters, a follow-up plan is documented at the visit where the BMI was outside 
of normal parameters or during the measurement period 


Note: Include in the numerator patients within normal parameters who had their BMI documented and those with 
a follow-up plan documented in the measurement period if BMI is outside normal parameters. 

Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women who are pregnant at any time during the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients receiving palliative or hospice care at any time during the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who refuse measurement of height and/or weight 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with a documented medical reason for not documenting BMI or for not documenting a follow-up 
plan for a BMI outside normal parameters (see Specification Guidance) 






Specification Guidance 

• An eligible provider or their personnel is required to measure both height and weight. Both height and weight 
must be measured during the measurement period. 
• BMI may be documented in the patient health record at the health center or in outside patient health records 
obtained by the health center. 
• If the documented BMI is outside of normal parameters, then a follow-up plan is to be documented during the 
visit or during the measurement period. 
• If more than one BMI is reported during the measurement period, and any of the documented BMI 
assessments is outside of normal parameters, documentation of an appropriate follow-up plan is to be used to 
determine whether performance has been met. 
• Document the follow-up plan based on the documented BMI outside of normal parameters. 
• Documented medical reasons for denominator exceptions include, but are not limited to: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Elderly patients (65 years or older) for whom weight reduction or gain would complicate other underlying 
health conditions, such as the following examples: 
Square Used as Bullet 
Illness or physical disability 
Square Used as Bullet 
Mental illness, dementia, confusion 
Square Used as Bullet 
Nutritional deficiency, such as vitamin or mineral deficiency 



Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients in an urgent or emergent medical situation where time is of the essence and to delay treatment 
would jeopardize the patient’s health status 



• If a patient meets exception criteria for the denominator (i.e., the patient refuses height or weight 
measurement or has a documented medical reason for not documenting BMI or a follow-up plan), an eligible 
clinician must document those criteria on the same day as the qualifying encounter. 
• DO NOT use self-reported height and weight values. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Documentation in the patient health record must show the actual BMI, or the template normally viewed by a 
provider must display BMI. 
• A follow-up plan may include, but is not limited to documentation of education, referral (for example, a 
registered dietitian nutritionist [RDN], occupational therapist, physical therapist, PCP, exercise physiologist, 
mental health professional, or surgeon) for lifestyle/behavioral therapy, pharmacological interventions, dietary 
supplements, exercise counseling, and/or nutrition counseling. 
• If the only visits during the year are telehealth and/or telephone visits, exclude the patient from the 
denominator. 
• DO NOT count as meeting the numerator criteria charts or templates that display only height and weight. The 
fact that a health IT/EHR can calculate BMI does not replace the presence of the BMI itself. 



Preventive Care and Screening: Tobacco Use: Screening and Cessation Intervention 
(Line 14a), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS138v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients aged 12 years and older who were screened for tobacco use one or more times during the 
measurement period and who received tobacco cessation intervention during the measurement period or in the 6 
months prior to the measurement period if identified as a tobacco user 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients aged 12 years and older at the start of the measurement period seen for at least two qualifying 
encounters in the measurement period or at least one preventive care qualifying encounter during the 
measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before January 1, 2013. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients who were screened for tobacco use at least once during the measurement period and NOT identified 
as a tobacco user, and 
• Patients who were screened for tobacco use at least once during the measurement period and, if identified as a 
tobacco user, received tobacco cessation intervention during the measurement period or during the 6 months 
prior to the measurement period 


Note: Include in the numerator patients with a negative screening and those with a positive screening who had 
cessation intervention if a tobacco user. 

Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• If patients use any type of tobacco (i.e., smokes or uses smokeless tobacco), tobacco cessation intervention 
(counseling and/or pharmacotherapy) is expected. The measure uses the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
definition of tobacco, which includes e-cigarettes, hookah pens, and other electronic nicotine delivery 
systems. Therefore, the measure does consider the use of e-cigarettes and other electronic nicotine delivery 
systems to be tobacco use. 
• A patient needs one preventive visit to be considered for the denominator. Preventive visits are defined by the 
value sets listed under Preventive Visit During Measurement Period in the measure specifications. If a patient 
has not had a preventive visit, they need two other qualifying visits to be considered for the denominator. 





Other qualifying visits are defined by the value sets listed under Qualifying Visit During Measurement Period 
in the measure specifications. 


• To promote a team-based approach to patient care, the tobacco cessation intervention can be performed by 
another health care provider; therefore, the tobacco use screening and tobacco cessation intervention DO NOT 
need to be performed by the same provider. 
• If a patient has multiple tobacco use screenings during the measurement period, use the most recent screening 
that has a documented status of tobacco user or non-user. 
• If tobacco use status of a patient is unknown, the patient does NOT meet the screening component required to 
be counted in the numerator and has not met the numerator criteria. “Unknown” includes patients who were 
not screened and patients with indefinite answers. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• Report in the numerator records that show that the patient had been asked about their use of all forms of 
tobacco during the measurement period. 
• If the cessation intervention is pharmacotherapy, then the prescription must be active (one that has not 
expired) or ordered during the measurement period. 
• Include patients who receive tobacco cessation intervention by any provider, including those who: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
received tobacco use cessation counseling services, or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
received an order for (a prescription or a recommendation to purchase an over-the-counter product) a 
tobacco use cessation medication, or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
are on (using) a tobacco use cessation agent. 



• The UDS denominator differs from the eCQM in that the eCQM requires the patient population and 
numerator to be reported separately; for UDS purposes, the patients must be evaluated as one group. 
• DO NOT count as meeting the numerator criteria providing written self-help materials only. 


Statin Therapy for the Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease (Line 
17a), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS347v8 


Measure Description 

Percentage of the following patients—all considered at high risk of cardiovascular events—who were prescribed 
or were on statin therapy during the measurement period: 

• All patients who were previously diagnosed with or currently have a diagnosis of clinical atherosclerotic 
cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or have ever had an ASCVD procedure, or 
• Patients 20 through 75 years of age who have ever had a low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) 
laboratory result level greater than or equal to 190 mg/dL or were previously diagnosed with or currently have 
an active diagnosis of familial hypercholesterolemia, or 
• Patients 40 through 75 years of age with a diagnosis of diabetes, or 
• Patients 40 through 75 years of age with a 10-year ASCVD risk score greater than or equal to 20 percent 



Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

To prevent patients from being counted more than once in the denominator, identify patients meeting the criteria 
listed in the first bullet below. If a patient is identified, they meet the risk requirement and are included in the 
denominator. If the patient is not identified from the first criteria, move to the next. Continue through the four 
categories of risk criteria to identify individual patients at high risk of cardiovascular events. 

• All patients who were previously diagnosed with or currently have a diagnosis of ASCVD, including an 
ASCVD procedure + 
• Patients who were 20 through 75 years of age at the start of the measurement period who: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
ever had a laboratory result of LDL-C greater than or equal to 190 mg/dL or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
were previously diagnosed with or currently have an active diagnosis of familial hypercholesterolemia + 



• Patients 40 through 75 years of age at the start of the measurement period with type 1 or type 2 diabetes + 
• Patients aged 40 through 75 at the start of the measurement period with a 10-year ASCVD risk score greater 
than or equal to 20 percent during the measurement period 
• With a qualifying encounter during the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
• Include patients: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
of any age for the ASCVD determination; 
Circle Used as Bullet 
with birthdate on or before January 1, 2005 for LDL-C or familial hypercholesterolemia determination; 
Circle Used as Bullet 
with birthdate on or after January 2, 1949, and birthdate on or before January 1, 1985 for diabetes 
determination; and 
Circle Used as Bullet 
with birthdate on or after January 2, 1949, and birthdate on or before January 1, 1985 for high 10-year 
ASCVD risk score. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients who are actively using or who received an order (prescription) for statin therapy at any time during 
the measurement period 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women who are breastfeeding at any time during the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who have a diagnosis of rhabdomyolysis at any time during the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with statin-associated muscle symptoms or an allergy to statin medication 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who are receiving palliative or hospice care 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with active liver disease or hepatic disease or insufficiency 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with documentation of a medical reason for not being prescribed statin therapy 






Specification Guidance 

• Current statin therapy (including statin medication samples provided to patients) must be documented in the 
patient’s current medication list or ordered during the measurement period. 
• Make sure patients are not counted in the denominator more than once. Once a patient meets one set of 
denominator criteria (check from first listed in Measure Description to last), they are included and further risk 
checks are not needed. 
• Intensity of statin therapy or lifestyle modification coaching is NOT being assessed for this measure; only 
prescription or use of any statin therapy is being assessed. 
• DO NOT count other cholesterol-lowering medications as meeting the numerator criteria; only statin therapy 
meets the numerator criteria. 
• Patient adherence to statin therapy is not calculated in this measure. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• If the only visits during the year are telephone visits, exclude the patient from the denominator. 
• While ASCVD risk assessments are encouraged, this measure does not require their use. If you did not 
conduct ASCVD risk assessments, DO NOT report any cases as eligible for the measure’s fourth population. 
In this situation, zero patients will be eligible for Population 4, but still report the measure using measure 
steward guidance for the preceding initial populations. 


Ischemic Vascular Disease (IVD): Use of Aspirin or Another Antiplatelet (Line 18), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS164v7 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients 18 years of age and older who were diagnosed with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), or 
who had a coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) or percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs) in the 12 months 
prior to the measurement period or who had an active diagnosis of IVD during the measurement period, and who 
had documented use of aspirin or another antiplatelet during the measurement period 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients 18 years of age and older with a qualifying encounter during the measurement period who had an 
AMI, CABG, or PCI during the 12 months prior to the measurement period or who had a diagnosis of IVD 
overlapping the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before January 1, 2007. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients who had an active medication of aspirin or another antiplatelet during the measurement period 



Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who had documentation of use of anticoagulant medications overlapping the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care during the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Include in the numerator patients who received a prescription for, were given, or were using aspirin or another 
antiplatelet drug. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• The electronic specifications for this measure have not been updated. Follow the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS164v7 
specifications 
for UDS reporting. 


Colorectal Cancer Screening (Line 19), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS130v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of adults 45Reference Asterisk 
–75 years of age who had appropriate screening for colorectal cancer 

*Use 46 on or after December 31 as the initial age to include in assessment. 
Calculate as follows: 
Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients 46 through 75 years of age by the end of the measurement period with a qualifying encounter during 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or after January 1, 1950, and birthdate on or before December 31, 1979. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients with one or more screenings for colorectal cancer. Appropriate screenings are defined by any one of 
the following criteria: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Fecal occult blood test (FOBT) during the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Stool deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) (sDNA) with fecal immunochemical test (FIT)- during the 
measurement period or the 2 years prior to the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Flexible sigmoidoscopy during the measurement period or the 4 years prior to the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Computerized tomography (CT) colonography during the measurement period or the 4 years prior to the 
measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Colonoscopy during the measurement period or the 9 years prior to the measurement period 






Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with a diagnosis or past history of total colectomy or colorectal cancer 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 and older by the end of the measurement period with an indication of frailty for any part 
of the measurement period who also meet any of the following advanced illness criteria: advanced illness 
diagnosis during the measurement period or the year prior; or taking dementia medications during the 
measurement period or the year prior 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 and older by the end of the measurement period who were living long-term in a nursing 
home any time on or before the end of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients receiving palliative care for any part of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• DO NOT count digital rectal exam (DRE) or FOBTs performed in an office setting or performed on a sample 
collected via DRE. 
• The measure may include screenings performed outside the age range of patients referenced in the initial 
populations. Screenings that occur prior to the measurement period are valid to meet the measure criteria. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• There are two FOBT options: the guaiac fecal occult blood test (gFOBT) and the immunochemical-based 
fecal occult blood test (iFOBT). 
• Lab tests (FOBT and sDNA with FIT) performed elsewhere must be confirmed by documentation in the 
patient’s health record: either a copy of the test results or correspondence between the clinic personnel and the 
performing lab/provider showing the results. 
• FOBTs can be used to document meeting the numerator criteria. This test, if performed, is required each 
measurement period. For example, a patient who had an FOBT in November 2024 would still need one in 
2025. 
• Collect stool specimens for FOBT and sDNA with FIT, as recommended by the manufacturer. 
• FOBT and sDNA with FIT test kits can be mailed to patients, but receipt, processing, and documentation of 
the test sample is required. 
• DO NOT use self-reported test results. 



HIV Linkage to Care (Line 20), No eCQM 

Measure Description 

Percentage of patients newly diagnosed with HIV who were seen for follow-up treatment within 30 days of 
diagnosisReference 16 


Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients newly diagnosed with HIV by the health center between December 1 of the prior year through 
November 30 of the current measurement period and who had at least one qualifying encounter during the 
measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients who were diagnosed with HIV for the first time everReference 17 
by the health center between 
December 1, 2024, and November 30, 2025,Reference 18 
and had at least one visit during the measurement period. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Newly diagnosed HIV patients that received treatment within 30 days of diagnosis. Include patients who were 
newly diagnosed by your health center providers and: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
had a documented visit with your health center provider who initiates treatment for HIV, or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
had a documented visit with a referral resource who initiates treatment for HIV. 





Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Not applicable 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Treatment must be started within 30 days of the HIV diagnosis (NOT just a referral made, education 
provided, or retest at a referral site). 
• Include patients in the numerator only if they received treatment for HIV care within 30 days of the diagnosis. 


16 Note that this measure does not conform to the calendar year reporting requirement. 
17 “Patients newly diagnosed with HIV” is defined as patients without a previous HIV diagnosis who received a reactive initial HIV test confirmed by a 
positive supplemental antibody immunoassay HIV test. 
18 Because the measure allows up to 30 days to complete the follow-up, look back 30 days to find the entire denominator of patients who should have had a 
follow-up during the measurement period. 

• If the treatment is by referral to another provider or organization (such as a Ryan White provider), the 
treatment at the referral source must begin during the 30-day period. Documentation, including treatment and 
date that the visit was completed (from the provider to whom the patient was referred), is required. 
• Identification of patients for this measure crosses years and may include prior-year patients. 
• Reactive initial HIV tests and patients who self-identify as being HIV positive without documentation must 
be followed by a supplemental test to confirm diagnosis. 
• DO NOT include patients who: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Were diagnosed elsewhere, even if they can provide documentation of the positive test result 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Had a positive reactive initial screening test but not a positive supplemental test 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Were positive on an initial screening test provided by you but were then sent to another provider for 
definitive testing and treatment 





Note: There are no standardized codes to identify newly diagnosed HIV patients. Health centers are encouraged 
to identify and track new diagnoses through their health IT/EHR or a separate system. Examples of processes that 
could assist include recording the new diagnosis during the visit and using a “dummy code,” monitoring patient 
problem lists, reviewing audit trail logs, or creating a rules-based alert based on the first time a diagnosis code is 
documented. 

HIV Screening (Line 20a), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS349v7 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients aged 15–65 at the start of the measurement period who were between 15–65 years old 
when tested for HIV 

This is calculated as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients aged 15 through 65 years of age at the start of the measurement period who had at least one 
outpatient qualifying encounter during the day of the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or after January 2, 1959, and birthdate on or before January 1, 2010. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients with documentation of an HIV test performed on or after their 15th birthday and before their 66th 
birthday 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients diagnosed with HIV prior to the day of the start of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who died on or before the end of the day of the measurement period 






Specification Guidance 

• This measure evaluates the proportion of patients aged 15–65 at the start of the measurement period who have 
documentation of having received an HIV test at least once on or after their 15th birthday and before their 66th 
birthday. 
• To satisfy the measure, the health center must have documentation of the administration of the laboratory test 
present in the patient’s health record. 
• HIV tests performed elsewhere must be confirmed by documentation in the patient’s health record: either a 
copy of the test results or correspondence between the clinic personnel and the performing lab/provider 
showing the results. 
• Patient attestation or self-report to meet the measure requirements is NOT permitted. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• If the only visits during the year are telephone visits, exclude the patient from the denominator. 


Preventive Care and Screening: Screening for Depression and Follow-Up Plan (Line 
21), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS2v14 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients aged 12 years and older screened for depression on the date of the visit or up to 14 days 
prior to the date of the visit using an age-appropriate standardized depression screening tool and, if positive, a 
follow-up plan is documented on the date of or up to two days after the date of the qualifying visit 

This is calculated as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients aged 12 years and older at the beginning of the measurement period with at least one qualifying 
encounter during the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before January 1, 2013. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Patients who were screened for depression on the date of the visit or up to 14 days prior to the date of the visit 
using an age-appropriate standardized tool, and screened negative for depression 
• Patients who were screened for depression on the date of the visit or up to 14 days prior to the date of the visit 
using an age-appropriate standardized tool, and if screened positive for depression, a follow-up plan is 
documented on the date of or up to two days after the date of the qualifying visit 


Note: Include in the numerator patients with a negative screening and those with a positive screening who had a 
follow-up plan documented. 

Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who have ever been diagnosed with bipolar disorder at any time prior to the qualifying encounter 






• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who refuse to participate in or complete the depression screening 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Medical reason(s), including: 
Square Used as Bullet 
Patients who are in urgent or emergent situationsReference 19 
where time is of the essence and to delay treatment 
would jeopardize the patient’s health status 
Square Used as Bullet 
Patients with documentation of medical reason for not screening the patient for depression (e.g., 
cognitive, functional, or motivational limitations) that may impact the accuracy of results 








Specification Guidance 

• Patients who have ever been diagnosed with bipolar disorder prior to the qualifying encounter will be 
excluded from the measure. 
• The depression screening must be completed on the date of the visit or up to 14 days prior to the date of the 
visit using an age-appropriate standardized depression screening tool and must be reviewed and addressed in 
the office of the provider on the date of the visit. 
• Numerator should be evaluated and reported based on the screening outcome. 
• If the screening result is positive, a follow-up plan must be documented on the date of the visit or up to two 
days after the visit. A follow-up plan could be additional evaluation, referral, treatment, pharmacological 
intervention, or other interventions. 
• Standardized depression screening toolsReference 20 
are normalized and validated for the age-appropriate patient 
population in which they are used, must be documented in the patient health record, and must be used to meet 
the numerator criteria. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Examples of depression screening tools for adolescents, adults, and perinatal patients are included in the FAQ for Table 6B 
. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Document the screening tool used in the patient health record. Each standardized screening tool provides 
guidance on whether a particular score is considered positive for depression. 





• Use the most recent screening results. 
• The follow-up plan must be related to a positive depression screening. 
• Follow-up for a positive depression screening must include one or more of the following: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Additional interventions designed to treat depression, such as behavioral health evaluation, 
psychotherapy, or additional treatment. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Referral to a provider for further evaluation for depression. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Pharmacological interventions, when appropriate. 






UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 


19 Do not exclude patients seen for routine care in urgent care centers or emergency rooms you operate. 
20 Refer to the publisher and the health center clinical team to interpret the results of screening tools. 

• Although a Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9)Reference 21 
may follow a PHQ-2 as a new screening, if the result is 
positive, then a CQM-compliant follow-up plan on the date of the visit is still required. 
• Screening may occur outside of a countable visit. 
• Count eligible patients once in the denominator, regardless of how many times they were screened. 
• Documentation of a follow-up plan “on the date of the visit” can refer to any countable visit, NOT only a 
medical visit. 
• A suicide risk assessment DOES NOT qualify for the numerator as a follow-up plan. 
• DO NOT count patients who are re-screened as meeting the numerator criteria for a follow-up plan to a 
positive screen. 
• DO NOT count a PHQ-9 screening that follows a positive PHQ-2 screening during the measurement period as 
meeting the numerator criteria for a follow-up plan to a positive depression screening. 


Depression Remission at Twelve Months (Line 21a), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS159v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients aged 12 years and older with major depression or dysthymia who reached remission 12 
months (+/-60 days) after an index event 

This is calculated as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Patients aged 12 years and older at the start of the measurement period with a diagnosis of major depression 
or dysthymia and an initial PHQ-9 or PHQ-9 modified for teens (PHQ-9M) score greater than 9 during the 
index event between November 1, 2023, through October 31, 2024, and at least one qualifying encounter 
during the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before November 1, 2011, who were 12 years of age or older on the 
date of the index event. 





Note: Patients may be screened using PHQ-9 and PHQ-9M on the same date or up to 7 days prior to the visit 
(index event). 

Numerator: Column C 

• Patients who achieved remission at 12 months as demonstrated by the most recent 12-month (+/-60 days) 
PHQ-9 or PHQ-9M score of less than 5 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder, personality disorder emotionally labile, schizophrenia, 
psychotic disorder, or pervasive developmental disorder 





21 A PHQ is a screening instrument used by providers to monitor the severity of depression and response to treatment. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients: 
Square Used as Bullet 
Who died 
Square Used as Bullet 
Who received hospice or palliative care services 






• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Not applicable 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Although PHQ-9 is not the only screening tool approved for the Screening for Depression and Follow-Up 
Plan measure, performance for the Depression Remission at Twelve Months must be evaluated using a 
PHQ-9 or PHQ-9M screening tool. 
• It is possible that the PHQ-9M has been mislabeled as PHQ modified for adolescents (PHQ-A). The PHQ-A 
is an 80+ item questionnaire (not a 9-question tool). Use a PHQ-9M version that is approved by the 
developers of the PHQ-9 for adolescents. 
• The index event is the date the patient had an initial PHQ-9 or PHQ-9M (modified for teens) score greater 
than 9 and a diagnosis of major depression or dysthymia during the time period between November 1, 2023, 
through October 31, 2024. 
• Count eligible patients once in the denominator, regardless of how many times they were screened. 
• The PHQ-9 or PHQ-9M may be completed virtually or over the phone on the same date or 7 days prior to the 
visit (index event). 
• Medical assistants, nurses, and other support personnel may perform the PHQ-9 or PHQ-9M. 
• If a patient initially (at index event) screens positive for major depression or dysthymia and refuses the 12month 
follow-up screening, count the patient in the denominator but not in the numerator, as they do not meet 
numerator criteria. 


Note: The depression screening for the Preventive Care and Screening: Screening for Depression and Follow-Up 
Plan measure may be completed up to 14 days before the date of the visit, while the depression screening for the 
Depression Remission at Twelve Months measure may be completed up to 7 days before the date of the visit 
(index event). Given this, a patient who receives a screening more than 7 days before the index event 
(November 1, 2023, through October 31, 2024) will not be counted in the denominator or numerator for the 
Depression Remission at Twelve Months measure. 


Dental Sealants for Children between 6–9 Years (Line 22), CMS277v0Reference 22 


Measure Description 

Percentage of children, age 6–9 years, at moderate to high risk for caries who received a sealant on a first 
permanent molar during the measurement period 

Note: Although the draft eCQM reflects 5 through 9 years of age, use ages 6 through 9 as the measure steward 
intended. This includes patients who were 9 years of age at the beginning of the measurement period. 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Children 6 through 9 years of age at the start of the measurement period with an oral assessment or 
comprehensive or periodic oral evaluation qualifying encounter who are at moderate to high risk for caries in 
the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include children with birthdate on or after January 2, 2015, and birthdate on or before January 1, 2019. 





Numerator: Column C 

• Children who received a sealant on a permanent first molar tooth during the measurement period 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Children for whom all first permanent molars are non-sealable (i.e., molars are either decayed, filled, 
currently sealed, or un-erupted/missing) 





Specification Guidance 

• The intent is to measure whether a child received a sealant on at least one of the four permanent first molars. 
• “Elevated risk” must be a finding at the patient level, NOT a population-based factor such as low 
socioeconomic status. 
• Look for tooth-level data for sealant placement. Capture sealant application within buccal pits on a first 
permanent molar in the numerator. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• If a patient meeting the denominator eligibility is unable to have a sealant placed due to lack of cooperation or 
behavior, the patient must still be in the denominator but will not meet the numerator criteria. 
• Include dental sealants placed by the health center or by another dental provider who saw health center dental 
patients through a referral, regardless of whether it was paid for by the health center. 


22 Access measure value set details on the HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Clinical Care 
page of the UDS Training and Technical Assistance webpage. 

• Use ADA CDT codes (e.g., D0601: Caries risk assessment and documentation, with a finding of low risk) to 
document caries risk level determined through an assessment. 
• The electronic specifications for this measure have not been updated. Follow the CMS277v0Reference 23 
specifications 
for UDS reporting. 


Initiation and Engagement of Substance Use Disorder Treatment (Lines 23a and 
23b), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS137v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients 13 years of age and older with a new substance use disorder (SUD) episode who received 
the following (two rates are reported): 

a. Percentage of patients who initiated treatment, including either an intervention or medication for the treatment 
of SUD, within 14 days of the new SUD episode 
b. Percentage of patients who engaged in ongoing treatment, including two additional interventions or medication 
treatment events for SUD, or one long-acting medication event for the treatment of SUD, within 34 days of the 
initiation 


Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns A and B 

• Denominator 1 and 2 (Lines 23a and 23b): Patients 13 years of age and older as of the start of the 
measurement period who were diagnosed with a new SUD episode during a visit between January 1 and 
November 14 of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or before January 1, 2012. 





Note: The denominator for Lines 23a and 23b must be the same. 

Numerator: Column C 

• Numerator 1 (Line 23a): Patients with initiation of treatment that includes either an intervention or medication 
for the treatment of SUD within 14 days of the new SUD episode 
• Numerator 2 (Line 23b): Patients with engagement in ongoing SUD treatment within 34 days of initiation, 
which includes: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
A long-acting SUD medication on the day after the initiation of treatment through 34 days after the 
initiation of treatment 
Circle Used as Bullet 
One of the following options on the day after the initiation of treatment through 34 days after the 
initiation of treatment: a) two engagement visits, b) two engagement medication treatment events, c) one 
engagement visit and one engagement medication treatment event 





Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who are in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 





23 Access measure value set details on the HRSA BPHC webpage on Content Details of Clinical Care 
page of the UDS Training and Technical Assistance webpage. 

• Denominator Exceptions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Not applicable 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• The new SUD episode is the first encounter during the Intake Period with a diagnosis of SUD with no 
encounter or medication treatment for a diagnosis of SUD in the 60 days prior. 
• The Intake Period: January 1–November 14 of the calendar year. The Intake Period is used to capture new 
SUD episodes. The November 14 cut-off date ensures that all services can occur before the measurement 
period ends. 
• The initiation of treatment is the first SUD treatment within 14 days of a new SUD episode. 
• Engagement visits are psychosocial visits with non-medication intervention, and engagement medication 
treatment events are initiation with long-or short-acting SUD medications. 
• Treatment includes inpatient SUD admissions, outpatient visits, intensive outpatient encounters or partial 
hospitalizations, and medications for the treatment of SUD. 


FAQ FOR TABLE 6B 

1. On which line do we count patients who began prenatal care during the first trimester? 

Report the patient on Line 7, and in Column A or B depending on if they began their care with the health 
center or with a non–health center provider. For example: 

• If the patient began prenatal care during the first trimester at a health center’s service delivery site or with 
a provider to which the health center referred the patient, report the patient on Line 7 in Column A. 
• If the patient received prenatal care from another provider during the first trimester before coming to the 
health center’s service delivery site, report the patient on Line 7 in Column B, regardless of when the 
patient begins care with the health center or through direct referral from the health center to another 
provider. 



2. What timeframe is used to determine each of the trimesters of entry into prenatal care? 

The trimesters of entry into prenatal care are as follows: 

• First trimester: 0 weeks–13 and 6/7 weeks (months 1–3) 
• Second trimester: 14 and 0/7 weeks–27 and 6/7 weeks (months 4–6) 
• Third trimester: 28 and 0/7 weeks–40 and 6/7 weeks (months 7–9) 






3. If a prenatal care patient from the prior year delivered during 2025, would we include the patient as a 
prenatal care patient in the 2025 UDS Report? 

Yes. The prenatal care patient would be included in the 2025 UDS Report as a prenatal care patient on Table 
6B, and birth outcomes will be reported on Table 7, even if they had no other visit in the calendar year. 


4. A child came in only once during the year for an injury and never returned for well-child care. Do we 
have to consider the child’s patient health record to not have met the numerator criteria since we only 
treated for the injury? 

Yes. After a patient enters a health center’s system of care, the health center is expected to provide all needed 
preventive health care and/or document that the patient has received it. If the visit they had is coded with a 
qualifying encounter for inclusion in the denominator of the CQM, report the patient in the denominator but 
NOT the numerator, since the record did not meet the numerator criteria. 


5. Is the cervical cancer screening review for women starting at age 21 or at age 23 or at age 24? 

For this measure, look only at women who were age 24 through age 64 by the end of the measurement period. 
Because the measure asks about Pap tests administered in 2025, 2024, or in 2023, it is possible that a 23year-
old woman assessed under this measure would have been 21 in 2023. If the patient received a Pap test in 
that year, the patient would be considered to have met the numerator criteria. Although you look only at 
women who are 24 through 64 by the end of the measurement period, their qualifying test may have been 
done when they were 21 through 64. 


6. What if a patient we treat for hypertension and diabetes goes to an OB/GYN in the community for 
reproductive health care? Do we still have to consider the patient in the denominator for the cervical 
cancer screening measure? What if we DO NOT offer Pap tests? 

After the patient has been seen in your clinic, you must ensure that they have the appropriate cervical cancer 
screening. This can be done by providing the Pap test or documenting the results of a test that another 
provider performed. Health centers are encouraged to coordinate care and document Pap test results by 
contacting providers. The health center may obtain a copy of the patient’s test result to include in their patient 
health record to inform their future care. Consider the patient as part of the denominator for the cervical 
cancer screening measure if they had a qualifying encounter, as specified in the measure criteria, in the 
measurement period. If there is no evidence of a timely cervical cancer screening included in their patient 
health record, consider this as NOT having met the numerator criteria. 


7. If we inform parents of the importance of immunizations but they refuse to have their child 
immunized, may we count the patient health record as having met the numerator criteria if the refusal 
is documented? 

No. A child is fully immunized only if there is documentation that the child received the vaccine or there is 
contraindication for the vaccine, evidence of the antigen, or history of illness. Refusal does NOT meet the 
exclusion criteria. 


8. Are parents required to bring to the health center documentation of childhood immunizations received 
outside the health center? 

When possible, health centers are encouraged to access childhood immunizations provided outside the health 
center through health information exchange or through read-only EHR access to immunization information 
systems, or through other health information exchange-facilitated means. If health information exchange 
access to this information is not available, parents are encouraged to provide documentation of immunizations 
that their children received elsewhere. Documentation of childhood immunizations may also be obtained by 
contacting providers of immunizations directly to obtain documentation by fax or email, by requesting health 





center patients mail a copy of their immunization history, through receipt of payment for the vaccine from the 
pharmacy, by finding the child in a state or county immunization registry, or through other appropriate means. 


9. Some of the immunization details are different from those used by the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention (CDC) in the Clinic Assessment Software Application (CASA) or Comprehensive-CASA 
(coCASA) reviews of our clinic. May we use these CDC standards to report on the UDS? 

No. HRSA’s BPHC uses the CMS eCQM standards to evaluate provision of vaccines to children. Using a 
different set of standards will distort the data. A health center may use a different set of standards for its own 
internal QI/quality assurance program, but these may not be substituted for the UDS reporting requirements. 


10. Does “counseling for nutrition and . . . physical activity” include specific content that must be 
provided? Does it need to be provided if the child is within the normal range? 

No, the counseling has no specific required content, although it does have specific CPT coding requirements. 
It is tailored by the provider given the patient’s BMI percentile and other clinical and health-related needs 
data. 

Yes, the counseling must be provided to all children and adolescents. Counseling is aimed at promoting 
routine physical activity and healthy eating for all children and adolescents. For younger children, counseling 
will be provided to the parent or caregiver. 


11. For adult patients, our protocol calls for weight to be measured at every visit but height to be measured 
“at least once every 2 years.” Is this acceptable? 

No. BMI is calculated using height and weight reported during the measurement period. Height and weight 
may be obtained from separate visits, as long as both are measured during the most recent visit or during the 
measurement period. 


12. The tobacco screening measure says that there must be intervention for tobacco users. What specific 
interventions must be used? 

A broad range of counseling and pharmacotherapy is available for tobacco use. Which intervention to use is at 
the discretion of each provider. 


13. Do quit lines meet the numerator criteria for tobacco cessation? 

Yes. Tobacco cessation services provided by quit lines do meet the numerator criteria for the tobacco 
screening and cessation intervention measure if the intervention is documented in the patient’s health record. 


14. How should we collect data for measures that require a look-back period? 

Many of the UDS CQMs (e.g., cervical cancer screening, colorectal cancer screening, childhood 
immunizations, others) require a look-back period (reference to historical data prior to the measurement 
period). It is important that this information is noted in patient health records. It is recommended that you 
obtain records for new patients from their former providers to document their prior treatment, including data 
for look-back periods. Patient health records obtained from other providers may be recorded in the health 
center’s health IT/EHR consistent with internal patient health record policies, at which point they could be 
used in the performance review. Additionally, if you change EHRs, ensure that the prior data are transferred 
to the new system. 


15. Can we use the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) directly to report on the 
CQMs? 

No. For UDS reporting, you must report on the CQMs defined by UDS and outlined in this manual. 





16. Which patients are we required to report in the denominator for the dental sealants measure? 

Health centers providing dental services directly on-site or through paid referral under contract must report on 
all dental patients age 6 through 9 at the start of the measurement period who are at elevated risk for caries in 
the denominator. Caries risk assessment must be based on patient-level factors and documented with 
appropriate ADA CDT codes. This may not be based on population-based factors, such as low socioeconomic 
status. 


17. Do DNA colorectal cancer screening tests meet the numerator criteria for the colorectal cancer 
screening measure? 

Yes. Stool DNA (sDNA) with FIT colorectal cancer screening tests (such as Cologuard) meet the numerator 
criteria for the colorectal cancer screening measure when performed during the measurement period or in the 
2 years prior. 


18. If a patient who is newly diagnosed with HIV dies before they receive treatment, do we count them in 
the HIV linkage to care measure? 

Yes. Include the patient in the denominator, assuming they met the diagnosis criteria. If they died before 
receiving the first visit for initiation of treatment, DO NOT count them in the numerator. 


19. Can brand-name prescriptions meet the numerator criteria for measures that include a pharmaceutical 
component? 

Yes. Since only scientific or generic names are stored in the RxNORM value sets, the health center and 
vendor need to map the generic and brand names when a new equivalent or brand name is discovered missing 
from RxNORM. 


20. What does “diagnosis that overlaps the measurement period” mean, as stated for some of the 
measures? 

The overlap statement means that if patients had the diagnosis at any point during the measurement period, 
they are to be included in the denominator and assessed for meeting the numerator criteria. 


21. If we are able to see that the patient has received a needed service (such as a mammogram or 
colonoscopy), such as through our health information exchange or read-only EHR access, can we count 
that toward CQM compliance? 

Yes. If a needed service is viewable and accessible in the patient health record directly, or through health 
information exchange or read-only EHR access, it may count toward CQM compliance as long as it meets the 
specified numerator criteria. 


22. What do we need to do in the reporting of specific eCQMs that we have identified to have a 
denominator exclusion? 

Patients who have been identified to have met a denominator exclusion during the numerator criteria check 
need to be removed from the numerator and denominator (and should no longer be considered for the 
measure). 


23. We would like to recommend changes to specific eCQM requirements being collected in the UDS. Can 
HRSA make the changes based on our feedback? 

Although HRSA is interested in learning about eCQM changes you would recommend, you should contact 
the measure steward through the ONC JIRA Project Tracker webpage on Content Details of ONC Issue Tracking System 
to submit recommendations to existing eCQM 
logic. Appendix G 
includes the list of measure stewards. 





24. What standardized depression screenings comply with the Screening for Depression and Follow-Up 
Plan measure? 

Use a standardized depression screening tool, which is a normalized and validated tool developed for the 
patient population in which it is to be used. Examples of depression screening tools include, but are not 
limited to those listed in the following chart: 




Adolescent Screening Tools 
(12 17 years) 
Adult Screening Tools 
(18 years and older) 
Perinatal Screening Tools 
• 
Patient Health Questionnaire for 
Adolescents (PHQ-A) 
• 
Beck Depression Inventory-
Primary Care Version (BDI-PC) 
• 
Mood Feeling Questionnaire 
(MFQ) 
• 
Center for Epidemiologic Studies 
Depression Scale (CES-D) 
• 
Patient Health Questionnaire 
(PHQ-9) 
• 
Pediatric Symptom Checklist (PSC17) 
• 
Primary Care Evaluation of Mental 
Disorders (PRIME MD)-PHQ-2 


• 
PHQ-9 
• 
Beck Depression Inventory (BDI or 
BDI-II) 
• 
CES-D 
• 
Depression Scale (DEPS) 
• 
Duke Anxiety-Depression Scale 
(DADS) 
• 
Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) 
• 
Cornell Scale for Depression in 
Dementia (CSDD) 
• 
PRIME MD-PHQ-2 
• 
Hamilton Rating Scale for 
Depression (HAM-D) 
• 
Quick Inventory of Depressive 
Symptomatology Self-Report 
(QID-SR) 
• 
Computerized Adaptive Testing 
Depression Inventory (CAT-DI) 
• 
Computerized Adaptive Diagnostic 
Screener (CAD-MDD) 


• 
Edinburgh Postnatal Depression 
Scale 
• 
Postpartum Depression Screening 
Scale 
• 
PHQ-9 
• 
BDI 
• 
BDI-II 
• 
CES-D 
• 
Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale 





TABLE 6B: QUALITY OF CARE MEASURES 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

0Prenatal Care Provided by Referral Only (Check if Yes) 

Section A—Age Categories for Prenatal Care Patients: 
Demographic Characteristics of Prenatal Care Patients 

Line Age Number of Patients (a) 
1 Less than 15 years 
2 Ages 15–19 
3 Ages 20–24 
4 Ages 25–44 
5 Ages 45 and over 
6 Total Patients (Sum of Lines 1–5) 

Section B—Early Entry into Prenatal Care 

Line Early Entry into Prenatal Care 
Patients Having First Visit with 
Health Center (a) 
Patients Having First Visit with 
Another Provider (b) 
7 First Trimester 
8 Second Trimester 
9 Third Trimester 

Section C—Childhood Immunization Status 

Line Childhood Immunization Status 
Total Patients with 
2nd Birthday (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Immunized (c) 
10 MEASURE: Percentage of children 2 
years of age who received age-
appropriate vaccines by their 2nd 
birthday 

Section D—Cervical and Breast Cancer Screening 

Line Cervical Cancer Screening 
Total Female Patients 
Aged 24 through 64 (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Tested (c) 
11 MEASURE: Percentage of women 
24–64 years of age who were 
screened for cervical cancer 

Line Breast Cancer Screening 
Total Female Patients 
Aged 52 through 74 (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with Mammogram (c) 
11a MEASURE: Percentage of women 
52–74 years of age who had a 
mammogram to screen for breast 
cancer 

Section E—Weight Assessment and Counseling for Nutrition and Physical Activity of Children/Adolescents 

Line 
Weight Assessment and Counseling 
for Nutrition and Physical Activity 
for Children/Adolescents 
Total Patients Aged 3 
through 17 (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with Counseling and 
BMI Documented (c) 
12 MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
3–17 years of age with a BMI 
percentile and counseling on nutrition 
and physical activity documented 


Section F—Preventive Care and Screening: Body Mass Index (BMI) Screening and Follow-Up Plan 

Line 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Body Mass Index (BMI) Screening 
and Follow Up Plan 
Total Patients Aged 18 
and Older (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with BMI Charted 
and Follow Up Plan 
Documented as 
Appropriate (c) 
13 MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
18 years of age and older with (1) 
BMI documented and (2) follow-up 
plan documented if BMI is outside 
normal parameters 

Section G—Preventive Care and Screening: Tobacco Use: Screening and Cessation Intervention 

Line 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Tobacco Use: Screening and 
Cessation Intervention 
Total Patients Aged 12 
and Older (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Assessed for Tobacco 
Use and Provided 
Intervention if a 
Tobacco User (c) 
14a MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
aged 12 years of age and older who 
(1) were screened for tobacco use one 
or more times during the 
measurement period, and (2) if 
identified to be a tobacco user 
received cessation counseling 
intervention 

Section H—Statin Therapy for the Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease 

Line 
Statin Therapy for the Prevention 
and Treatment of Cardiovascular 
Disease 
Total Patients at High 
Risk of Cardiovascular 
Events (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Prescribed or On 
Statin Therapy (c) 
17a 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients at 
high risk of cardiovascular events 
who were prescribed or were on statin 
therapy 

Section I—Ischemic Vascular Disease (IVD): Use of Aspirin or Another Antiplatelet 

Line 
Ischemic Vascular Disease (IVD): 
Use of Aspirin or Another 
Antiplatelet 
Total Patients Aged 18 
and Older with IVD 
Diagnosis or AMI, 
CABG, or PCI 
Procedure (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with Documentation 
of Aspirin or Other 
Antiplatelet Therapy 
(c) 
18 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
18 years of age and older with a 
diagnosis of IVD or AMI, CABG, or 
PCI procedure with aspirin or another 
antiplatelet 


Section J—Colorectal Cancer Screening 

Line Colorectal Cancer Screening 
Total Patients Aged 46 
through 75 (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with Appropriate 
Screening for 
Colorectal Cancer (c) 
19 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
46 through 75 years of age who had 
appropriate screening for colorectal 
cancer 

Section K—HIV Measures 

Line HIV Linkage to Care 
Total Patients First 
Diagnosed with HIV 
(a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Seen Within 30 Days 
of First Diagnosis of 
HIV (c) 
20 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
whose first-ever HIV diagnosis was 
made by health center personnel 
between December 1 of the prior year 
and November 30 of the measurement 
period and who were seen for follow-
up treatment within 30 days of that 
first-ever diagnosis 

Line HIV Screening 
Total Patients Aged 15 
through 65 (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Tested for HIV (c) 
20a 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
15 through 65 years of age who were 
tested for HIV when within age range 

Section L—Depression Measures 

Line 
Preventive Care and Screening: 
Screening for Depression and 
Follow Up Plan 
Total Patients Aged 12 
and Older (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
Screened for 
Depression and 
Follow Up Plan 
Documented as 
Appropriate (c) 
21 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
12 years of age and older who were 
(1) screened for depression with a 
standardized tool and, if screening 
was positive, (2) had a follow-up plan 
documented 

Line 
Depression Remission at Twelve 
Months 
Total Patients Aged 12 
and Older with Major 
Depression or 
Dysthymia (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
who Reached 
Remission (c) 
21a 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
12 years of age and older with major 
depression or dysthymia who reached 
remission 12 months (+/-60 days) 
after an index event 


Section M—Dental Sealants for Children between 6–9 Years 

Line 
Dental Sealants for Children 
between 6 9 Years 
Total Patients Aged 6 
through 9 at Moderate 
to High Risk for 
Caries (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
with Sealants to First 
Molars (c) 
22 
MEASURE: Percentage of children 6 
through 9 years of age at moderate to 
high risk of caries who received a 
sealant on a first permanent molar 

Section N—Substance Use Disorder (SUD) Measures 

Line 
Initiation and Engagement of 
Substance Use Disorder (SUD) 
Treatment 
Total Patients Aged 13 
and Older Diagnosed 
with a New SUD 
Episode (a) 
Number of 
Records Reviewed 
(b) 
Number of Patients 
who Received SUD 
Treatment (c) 
23a 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
with a new SUD episode who 
initiated treatment, including either 
an intervention or medication for the 
treatment of SUD, within 14 days of 
the new SUD episode 
23b 
MEASURE: Percentage of patients 
with a new SUD episode who 
engaged in ongoing treatment, 
including two additional interventions 
or medication treatment events for 
SUD, or one long-acting medication 
event for the treatment of SUD, 
within 34 days of the initiation 

Table 6B Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Patients with countable visits on Table 5 are generally eligible for inclusion in eCQMs reported on Table 6B 
if they also have a visit that meets the qualifying encounter definition in the eCQM criteria. 
• The relationship between the denominators on Table 6B should be verified as reasonable when compared to 
the total number of patients by age on Table 3A and the percentage of patients by service category on Table 5. 
• The count of patients by diagnosis reported on Table 6A will NOT be the same count as on Table 6B, due to 
differences in criteria that must be met for inclusion on Table 6B. 



Instructions for Table 7: Health Outcomes 

The health outcome measures reported on Table 7 are “clinical process and outcome measures,” which means 
they document measurable outcomes of clinical intervention as a surrogate for good long-term health outcomes. 
Increasing the proportion of health center patients who have a good intermediate health outcome generally leads 
to improved health status of the patient population in the future. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

Several key changes have been made to Table 7, as outlined below: 

• The specifications for the clinical quality measures (CQMs) reported have been revised to align with the CMS 
eCQMs. The clinical quality of care measures are aligned with the most current eCQMs for Eligible 
Professionals for the 2025 version number referenced in the UDS Manual for the measurement period. (Later 
version updates are available, but they should not be used for the 2025 reporting.) 
• The diabetes eCQM has been updated to a glycemic status assessment (hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c] or glucose 
management indicator [GMI]). 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 7: HEALTH OUTCOMES MEASURES 

This table specifically includes the following CQMs: 

Maternal Care and 
Children’s Health 
Disease Management 
• Low Birth Weight 


• Controlling High Blood Pressure 
• Diabetes: Glycemic Status Assessment Greater Than 9% 




RACE AND ETHNICITY REPORTING 

Table 7 reports data by race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity. 

• Race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity are self-reported by patients and should be collected as part 
of a standard registration process. 
• Care must be taken by health centers that have separate reporting systems for patient registration and clinical 
data to ensure race and ethnicity data across the systems are aligned. 
• Because the initial patient population for each measure is defined in terms of race and ethnicity, comparisons 
between the numbers on Tables 3B and 7 will be made when evaluating your submission. See the crosswalk 
of comparable fields in Appendix B 
. 


Note: The reporting of patients’ race and ethnicity on the UDS uses HHS data standards in place prior to 2025, 
which are a disaggregation of OMB standards and may differ from the race and ethnicity levels required for other 
eCQM reporting programs. 

Note: The “Subtotal Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin” and “Subtotal Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin” lines are grayed out on all three sections of Table 7. They are provided as a system-generated subtotal in 
the EHBs. 


SECTION A: DELIVERIES AND BIRTH WEIGHT 

HIV-POSITIVE PREGNANT WOMEN, TOP LINE (LINE 0) 

• Report the total number of HIV-positive pregnant women served by the health center during the calendar year 
on Line 0, regardless of whether the health center provides prenatal care or HIV treatment for these patients. 


DELIVERIES PERFORMED BY HEALTH CENTER PROVIDER (LINE 2) 

• Report the total number of deliveries performed by health center providers. 
• On this line ONLY, include deliveries, regardless of outcome, of any patient, regardless of whether or not she 
was part of the health center’s prenatal care program during the calendar year. Include such circumstances as: 
Circle Used as Bullet 
the delivery of another doctor’s patients when the health center provider participates in a call group and is 
on call at the time of delivery, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
emergency deliveries when the health center provider is on call for the emergency room, and 
Circle Used as Bullet 
deliveries of non–health center patients performed by a health center provider as a requirement for 
privileging at a hospital. 



• DO NOT include deliveries for which a clinic provider bills independently and receives and retains payment 
for the delivery, such as in a moonlighting situation. 


DELIVERIES AND BIRTH WEIGHT DATA BY RACE AND HISPANIC, LATINO/A, OR SPANISH 
ETHNICITY, COLUMNS 1A–1D 

• Report all health center prenatal care patients who delivered during the calendar year who were either 
provided direct care at the health center or referred for care by the health center in Column 1a. Include any 
patient of the health center who was referred to another provider for some or all of her prenatal care, including 
delivery only. These patients must also be included in the prenatal care counts on Table 6B. 
• Report all babies born to health center prenatal care patients who delivered, by a health center provider or an 
external provider, during the calendar year in Columns 1b–1d. 
• Report patients delivering (Column 1a) and babies (Columns 1b, 1c, and 1d) separately by their race and 
ethnicity. Obtain race and ethnicity of mothers from the information on their patient registration forms. 
Obtain race and ethnicity of babies from their registration forms, their birth certificates, or from their parent. 
Race and ethnicity of mother and baby may be different from each other. Use race and ethnicity reporting 
criteria, including the subcategories, as provided on Table 3B 
. 


Prenatal Care Patients and Referred Prenatal Care Patients Who Delivered During 
the Year (Column 1a) 

• Report all health center prenatal care patients who delivered during the calendar year, including those who 
health center personnel cared for and delivered and those who had some or all of their care (including 
delivery) provided by a referral provider. 
• This column collects data on “patients who delivered.” Report one patient as having delivered, even if the 
delivery results in multiple births (e.g., twins or triplets), or is a stillbirth. 
• Include all patients who had deliveries, regardless of the outcome. 
• DO NOT include deliveries when you have no documentation that the delivery occurred (patients lost to 
follow-up). 



• DO NOT include patients who, based on their due date, should have delivered but for whom you DO NOT 
have explicit documentation of the delivery. 
• DO NOT include miscarriages as deliveries. 


Note: The percentage of prenatal care patients who delivered can be calculated by dividing Table 7, Line i, 
Column 1a by Table 6B, Line 6, Column A. Use the cross-table guidance in Appendix B 
on the relationship 
between prenatal care on Table 6B and deliveries on Table 7 to assist with this reporting. 

Birth Weight of Infants Born to Prenatal Care Patients Who Delivered During the 
Year (Columns 1b–1d) 

Low Birth Weight (Columns 1b and 1c), no eCQM 

Measure Description 

Percentage of babies of health center prenatal care patients born whose birth weight was below normal (less than 
2,500 grams) 

Note: The reporting of this measure captures all birth weight categories. 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns 1b + 1c + 1d 

• Babies born during the measurement period to prenatal care patients 


Numerator: Columns 1b + 1c 

• Babies born with a birth weight below normal (under 2,500 grams) 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Stillbirths or miscarriages 



• Denominator Exceptions 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

•Not applicable 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• Report the total number of live births during the calendar year for patients who received prenatal care from 
the health center or a referral provider during the calendar year, according to the appropriate birth weight 
group (in grams): 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Very Low Birth Weight (Column 1b): Weight at birth was less than 1,500 grams. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Low Birth Weight (Column 1c): Weight at birth was 1,500 grams through 2,499 grams. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Normal Birth Weight (Column 1d): Weight at birth was equal to or greater than 2,500 grams. 





Note: Be careful not to confuse pounds and ounces for grams when reporting these numbers. Include birth weight 
for neonatal demises. 


• If the delivery is of multiple babies (e.g., twins or triplets), report the birth weight of each baby separately. 
• Report data regardless of whether the health center did the delivery or referred the delivery to another 
provider, and regardless of whether the patient transferred to another provider on their own. Tracking and 
follow-up on all prenatal care patients are required. 
• In rare instances, there may be no birth outcomes recorded although there may be evidence (i.e., records show 
delivery occurred) that the patient delivered. Report the patient as having delivered (Column 1a) with no birth 
outcomes (Columns 1b–1d). 
• The number of deliveries reported in Column 1a will normally be different than the total number of babies 
reported in Columns 1b–1d because of multiple births and stillbirths. 
• Although data are provided for each race and ethnicity category, the measure looks only at the totals.Reference 24 


Note: This is a “negative” measure: The higher the proportion of infants born below normal birth weight, the 
worse the performance on the measure. 

SECTIONS B AND C: OTHER HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES 

• Sections B and C specifically assess patients seen during the year for a UDS countable visit AND CQM 
qualifying encounter, as specified in the measure criteria (i.e., patients who had a visit reported on Table 5 at 
least once during the calendar year AND who had a visit that meets the qualifying encounter specifications for 
a given measure). 
• Patients seen only for care in an urgent care setting, patients seen only once for acute care, patients seen only 
for specialty care, and/or patients who have since left the practice are not to be excluded from the measures. 
Patients with a countable visit during the calendar year (reported anywhere on Table 5) and who meet the 
qualifying encounter criteria in the measure specifications are to be included. 
• For measures requiring the completion of screenings, tests, or procedures to meet the numerator criteria, the 
findings of the screenings, test results, or procedures must be accessible in the patient health record. 


Controlling High Blood Pressure (Columns 2a–2c), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS165v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients 18–85 years of age who had a diagnosis of essential hypertension starting before and 
continuing into, or starting during the first six months of the measurement period, and whose most recent blood 
pressure (BP) was adequately controlled (less than 140/90 mmHg) during the measurement period 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns 2a and 2b 

• Patients 18 through 85 years of age by the end of the measurement period who had a diagnosis of essential 
hypertension starting before and continuing into, or starting during the first 6 months of the measurement 
period, with a qualifying encounter during the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 


Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or after January 1, 1940, and birthdate on or before December 31, 2007. 


24 However, during the review of the UDS Report, the health center may be questioned about unusually high or low proportion of low-birth-weight babies for 
individual race or ethnicity categories. 

Numerator: Column 2c 

• Patients whose most recent blood pressure is adequately controlled (systolic blood pressure less than 140 
mmHg and diastolic blood pressure less than 90 mmHg) during the measurement period 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients with evidence of ESRD, dialysis, or renal transplant before or during the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Women with a diagnosis of pregnancy during the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66–80 by the end of the measurement period with an indication of frailty for any part of the 
measurement period who also meet any of the following advanced illness criteria: advanced illness 
diagnosis during the measurement period or the year prior; or taking dementia medications during the 
measurement period or the year prior 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients 81 and older by the end of the measurement period with an indication of frailty for any part of the 
measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 or older by the end of the measurement period who were living long-term in a nursing 
home any time on or before the end of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who received palliative care for any part of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 





Specification Guidance 

• Only blood pressure readings performed by a provider or an automated blood pressure monitor or device are 
acceptable for the numerator criteria with this measure. 
• Blood pressure readings are acceptable if: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
taken in person by a clinician, 
Circle Used as Bullet 
measured remotely by an electronic monitoring device capable of transmitting the blood pressure data to 
the clinician, or 
Circle Used as Bullet 
taken by an automated blood pressure monitor or device and conveyed by the patient to the clinician. 
This is not considered patient self-reporting. 



• It is the clinician’s responsibility and discretion to confirm the remote monitoring device used to obtain the 
blood pressure is considered acceptable and reliable and whether the blood pressure reading is considered 
accurate before documenting it in the patient’s health record. 
• If there are multiple blood pressure readings on the last day the patient was seen, use the lowest systolic and 
the lowest diastolic reading as the most recent blood pressure reading. 
• If no blood pressure is recorded during the measurement period, the patient’s blood pressure is assumed “not 
controlled.” Report them in Columns 2a and 2b, but NOT in Column 2c. 
• Blood pressure ranges and thresholds do not meet criteria for this measure. A distinct numeric result for both 
the systolic and diastolic BP reading is required for numerator CQM compliance. 
• DO NOT include blood pressure readings taken during an acute inpatient stay or emergency department visit. 



UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Include patients who have an active diagnosis of essential hypertension even if their qualifying encounter, as 
specified by the measure steward, during the year was unrelated to the diagnosis. 
• Include blood pressure readings taken and documented in the patient’s health record at any visit type by the 
health center as long as the result used for this measure is from the most recent calendar year visit. 
• Although data are provided for each race and ethnicity category, the measure looks only at the totals. 


Diabetes: Glycemic Status Assessment Greater Than 9% (Columns 3a–3f), Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS122v13 


Measure Description 

Percentage of patients 18–75 years of age with diabetes who had a glycemic status assessment (hemoglobin A1c 
[HbA1c] or glucose management indicator [GMI]) greater than 9.0 percent during the measurement period 

Calculate as follows: 

Denominator: Columns 3a and 3b 

• Patients 18 through 75 years of age by the end of the measurement period with diabetes and with a qualifying 
encounter during the measurement period, as specified in the measure criteria 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Include patients with birthdate on or after January 1, 1950, and birthdate on or before December 31, 2007. 





Numerator: Column 3f 

• Patients whose most recent glycemic status assessment (HbA1c or GMI) performed during the measurement 
period was greater than 9.0%, or was missing, or was not performed during the measurement period 


Exclusions/Exceptions 

• Denominator Exclusions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who were in hospice care for any part of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 or older by the end of the measurement period who were living long-term in a nursing 
home any time on or before the end of the measurement period 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients aged 66 or older by the end of the measurement period with an indication of frailty for any part of 
the measurement period who also meet any of the following advanced illness criteria: advanced illness 
diagnosis during the measurement period or the year prior; or taking dementia medications during the 
measurement period or the year prior 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients who received palliative care for any part of the measurement period 



• Denominator Exceptions 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Not applicable 






Specification Guidance 

• If the glycemic status assessment (HbA1c or GMI) is in the patient health record, the test can be used to 
determine the numerator criteria. 
• Glycemic status assessment (HbA1c or GMI) must be reported as a percentage. 
• If multiple glycemic status assessments were recorded for a single date, use the lowest result. 


UDS Reporting Considerations 

• The patient must have a countable visit reported on Table 5 of the UDS Report in the measurement period to 
be included in this measure. 
• Report patients who have an active diagnosis of diabetes even if their qualifying encounter during the year 
was unrelated to the diagnosis. 
• Use codes as outlined in the measure specifications to determine if diagnosis of secondary diabetes due to 
another condition is to be included. 
• Include patients in the numerator whose most recent HbA1c or GMI level is greater than 9.0%, for whom the 
most recent HbA1c or GMI result is missing, or for whom no HbA1c or GMI tests were performed or 
documented during the measurement period. Patient self-report is NOT accepted. 
• Even if the treatment of the patient’s diabetes has been referred to a non–health center provider, the health 
center is expected to have the current lab test results in its records. 
• Although data are provided for each race and ethnicity category, the measure looks only at the totals. 


Note: This is a “negative” measure: The lower the number of adult patients with diabetes with poor diabetes 
control, the better the performance on the measure. 

FAQ FOR TABLE 7 

1. When would we use Line h, “Unreported/Chose not to disclose” race and ethnicity? 

Use Line h only in those instances where patients DO NOT provide their race and DO NOT state whether 
they are of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin. Report patients who provide a race but DO NOT 
affirmatively answer a question about Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity as Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish origin on the appropriate race line (Lines 2a–2g). Report patients who indicate they are Hispanic, 
Latino/a, or Spanish origin but DO NOT provide a race on Line 1g. 


2. Data are requested by race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity. How are these to be coded? 

Report race and Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish ethnicity on this table in the same manner used to report on 
Table 3B. Refer to instructions for Table 3B 
for further information describing race and ethnicity categories, 
including subcategories. Make sure the same information is recorded in both the patient health record and the 
registration form to avoid errors. 


3. Are patients with diabetes required to bring to the health center documentation of HbA1c tests or GMI 
calculations received from outside the health center? 

The health center is required to have HbA1c test or GMI calculation results in patient health records. If the 
health center does not perform the test or calculation, contact the provider who performed the tests or 





monitoring. The documentation can be brought in by the patient, but can also be obtained by fax, by 
requesting that the patient mail a copy of test results, or through other appropriate means. 


4. In Section A, Deliveries and Birth Outcomes, should the race and ethnicity of the baby be the same as 
that of the mother? 

Not necessarily. The baby’s race and ethnicity may differ from the race and ethnicity of the mother. Report 
the race and ethnicity of the mother (Column 1a) separately from that of the baby (Column 1b, 1c, or 1d). 


5. How do we determine “active diagnosis” that is required for some measures? 

Patient health records often contain a “problem list,” a list of “active diagnoses,” or lists by other names. Any 
diagnosis on the list for part or all of the calendar year is considered “active.” 


6. Can we use our population health management system to report on the eCQMs? 

Possibly. Health centers that have Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy (ASTP)/Office of the National 
Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC)-certified I2I-Track, personal computer dimensional 
measurement inspection software (PC-DMIS), a patient electronic care system (PECS), data reporting and 
analytics solutions (DRVS), population health management systems, or other supporting systems may use 
them to report, but only if reporting can be limited to the measurement period and only if it includes all 
required data elements (e.g., it includes data for the required time frame for all patients with hypertension 
from all service sites). 





TABLE 7: HEALTH OUTCOMES 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Section A: Deliveries and Birth Weight 

Line Description Patients (a) 
0 HIV-Positive Pregnant Women 
2 Deliveries Performed by Health Center’s Providers 

Line Race and Ethnicity 
Prenatal Care Patients Who 
Delivered During the Year 
(1a) 
Live Births: 
<1500 grams 
(1b) 
Live Births: 
1500 2499 grams 
(1c) 
Live Births: 
≥2500 grams 
(1d) 
Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano/a 
1a1m Asian Indian 
1a2m Chinese 
1a3m Filipino 
1a4m Japanese 
1a5m Korean 
1a6m Vietnamese 
1a7m Other Asian 
1b1m Native Hawaiian 
1b2m Other Pacific Islander 
1b3m Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4m Samoan 
1cm Black or African American 
1dm American Indian/Alaska Native 
1em White 
1fm More than One Race 
1gm Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano/a 
Puerto Rican 
1a1p Asian Indian 
1a2p Chinese 
1a3p Filipino 
1a4p Japanese 
1a5p Korean 
1a6p Vietnamese 
1a7p Other Asian 
1b1p Native Hawaiian 
1b2p Other Pacific Islander 
1b3p Guamanian or Chamorro 


1b4p Samoan 
1cp Black or African American 
1dp American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ep White 
1fp More than One Race 
1gp Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Puerto Rican 
Cuban 
1a1c Asian Indian 
1a2c Chinese 
1a3c Filipino 
1a4c Japanese 
1a5c Korean 
1a6c Vietnamese 
1a7c Other Asian 
1b1c Native Hawaiian 
1b2c Other Pacific Islander 
1b3c Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4c Samoan 
1cc Black or African American 
1dc American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ec White 
1fc More than One Race 
1gc Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Cuban 
Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin 
1a1a Asian Indian 
1a2a Chinese 
1a3a Filipino 
1a4a Japanese 
1a5a Korean 
1a6a Vietnamese 
1a7a Other Asian 
1b1a Native Hawaiian 
1b2a Other Pacific Islander 


1b3a Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4a Samoan 
1ca Black or African American 
1da American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ea White 
1fa More than One Race 
1ga Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Combined 
1a1o Asian Indian 
1a2o Chinese 
1a3o Filipino 
1a4o Japanese 
1a5o Korean 
1a6o Vietnamese 
1a7o Other Asian 
1b1o Native Hawaiian 
1b2o Other Pacific Islander 
1b3o Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4o Samoan 
1co Black or African American 
1do American Indian/Alaska Native 
1eo White 
1fo More than One Race 
1go Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin, Combined 
Total Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin 
2a1 Asian Indian 
2a2 Chinese 
2a3 Filipino 
2a4 Japanese 
2a5 Korean 
2a6 Vietnamese 
2a7 Other Asian 


2b1 Native Hawaiian 
2b2 Other Pacific Islander 
2b3 Guamanian or Chamorro 
2b4 Samoan 
2c Black or African American 
2d American Indian/Alaska Native 
2e White 
2f More than One Race 
2g Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Total Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin 
Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race and Ethnicity 
h Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race and Ethnicity 
i Total 


Section B: Controlling High Blood Pressure 

Line Race and Ethnicity 
Total Patients 18 through 85 Years of 
Age with Hypertension 
(2a) 
Number of Records Reviewed 
(2b) 
Patients with Hypertension 
Controlled 
(2c) 
Mexican, Mexican American, 
Chicano/a 
1a1m Asian Indian 
1a2m Chinese 
1a3m Filipino 
1a4m Japanese 
1a5m Korean 
1a6m Vietnamese 
1a7m Other Asian 
1b1m Native Hawaiian 
1b2m Other Pacific Islander 
1b3m Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4m Samoan 
1cm Black or African American 
1dm American Indian/Alaska Native 
1em White 
1fm More than One Race 
1gm Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Mexican, Mexican American, 
Chicano/a 
Puerto Rican 
1a1p Asian Indian 
1a2p Chinese 
1a3p Filipino 
1a4p Japanese 
1a5p Korean 
1a6p Vietnamese 
1a7p Other Asian 
1b1p Native Hawaiian 
1b2p Other Pacific Islander 
1b3p Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4p Samoan 
1cp Black or African American 
1dp American Indian/Alaska Native 


1ep White 
1fp More than One Race 
1gp Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Puerto Rican 
Cuban 
1a1c Asian Indian 
1a2c Chinese 
1a3c Filipino 
1a4c Japanese 
1a5c Korean 
1a6c Vietnamese 
1a7c Other Asian 
1b1c Native Hawaiian 
1b2c Other Pacific Islander 
1b3c Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4c Samoan 
1cc Black or African American 
1dc American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ec White 
1fc More than One Race 
1gc Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Cuban 
Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
1a1a Asian Indian 
1a2a Chinese 
1a3a Filipino 
1a4a Japanese 
1a5a Korean 
1a6a Vietnamese 
1a7a Other Asian 
1b1a Native Hawaiian 
1b2a Other Pacific Islander 
1b3a Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4a Samoan 
1ca Black or African American 


1da American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ea White 
1fa More than One Race 
1ga Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish Origin 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin, 
Combined 
1a1o Asian Indian 
1a2o Chinese 
1a3o Filipino 
1a4o Japanese 
1a5o Korean 
1a6o Vietnamese 
1a7o Other Asian 
1b1o Native Hawaiian 
1b2o Other Pacific Islander 
1b3o Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4o Samoan 
1co Black or African American 
1do American Indian/Alaska Native 
1eo White 
1fo More than One Race 
1go Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin, Combined 
Total Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
2a1 Asian Indian 
2a2 Chinese 
2a3 Filipino 
2a4 Japanese 
2a5 Korean 
2a6 Vietnamese 


2a7 Other Asian 
2b1 Native Hawaiian 
2b2 Other Pacific Islander 
2b3 Guamanian or Chamorro 
2b4 Samoan 
2c Black or African American 
2d American Indian/Alaska Native 
2e White 
2f More than One Race 
2g Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Total Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
and Ethnicity 
h Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
and Ethnicity 
i Total 


Section C: Diabetes: Glycemic Status Assessment Greater Than 9% 

Line Race and Ethnicity 
Total Patients 18 through 75 Years of 
Age with Diabetes 
(3a) 
Number of Records Reviewed 
(3b) 
Patients with Glycemic Status 
Assessment >9%, Missing, or 
No Test During Year 
(3f) 
Mexican, Mexican American, 
Chicano/a 
1a1m Asian Indian 
1a2m Chinese 
1a3m Filipino 
1a4m Japanese 
1a5m Korean 
1a6m Vietnamese 
1a7m Other Asian 
1b1m Native Hawaiian 
1b2m Other Pacific Islander 
1b3m Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4m Samoan 
1cm Black or African American 
1dm American Indian/Alaska Native 
1em White 
1fm More than One Race 
1gm Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Mexican, Mexican American, 
Chicano/a 
Puerto Rican 
1a1p Asian Indian 
1a2p Chinese 
1a3p Filipino 
1a4p Japanese 
1a5p Korean 
1a6p Vietnamese 
1a7p Other Asian 
1b1p Native Hawaiian 
1b2p Other Pacific Islander 
1b3p Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4p Samoan 
1cp Black or African American 


1dp American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ep White 
1fp More than One Race 
1gp Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Puerto Rican 
Cuban 
1a1c Asian Indian 
1a2c Chinese 
1a3c Filipino 
1a4c Japanese 
1a5c Korean 
1a6c Vietnamese 
1a7c Other Asian 
1b1c Native Hawaiian 
1b2c Other Pacific Islander 
1b3c Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4c Samoan 
1cc Black or African American 
1dc American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ec White 
1fc More than One Race 
1gc Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Cuban 
Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish Origin 
1a1a Asian Indian 
1a2a Chinese 
1a3a Filipino 
1a4a Japanese 
1a5a Korean 
1a6a Vietnamese 
1a7a Other Asian 
1b1a Native Hawaiian 
1b2a Other Pacific Islander 
1b3a Guamanian or Chamorro 


1b4a Samoan 
1ca Black or African American 
1da American Indian/Alaska Native 
1ea White 
1fa More than One Race 
1ga Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Another Hispanic, Latino/a, or 
Spanish Origin 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin, 
Combined 
1a1o Asian Indian 
1a2o Chinese 
1a3o Filipino 
1a4o Japanese 
1a5o Korean 
1a6o Vietnamese 
1a7o Other Asian 
1b1o Native Hawaiian 
1b2o Other Pacific Islander 
1b3o Guamanian or Chamorro 
1b4o Samoan 
1co Black or African American 
1do American Indian/Alaska Native 
1eo White 
1fo More than One Race 
1go Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Subtotal Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
Total Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
2a1 Asian Indian 
2a2 Chinese 
2a3 Filipino 


2a4 Japanese 
2a5 Korean 
2a6 Vietnamese 
2a7 Other Asian 
2b1 Native Hawaiian 
2b2 Other Pacific Islander 
2b3 Guamanian or Chamorro 
2b4 Samoan 
2c Black or African American 
2d American Indian/Alaska Native 
2e White 
2f More than One Race 
2g Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
Total Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish 
Origin 
Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose 
Race and Ethnicity 
h Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Race 
and Ethnicity 
i Total 

Table 7 Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Patients with countable visits on Table 5 are generally eligible for inclusion in eCQMs reported on Table 7. 
• The relationship between the denominators on Table 7 should be verified as reasonable when compared to the total number of patients by age on Table 
3A and patients by race and ethnicity on Table 3B. 
• The count of patients by diagnosis reported on Table 6A will not be the same counts as on Table 7, due to differences in criteria that must be met for 
inclusion on Table 7. 



Instructions for Table 8A: Financial Costs 

Table 8A collects the total cost of all activities attributable to the calendar year that are within the approved scope 
of project. Total costs include all costs within the health center scope of project, regardless of source of funding 
(e.g., the Health Center Program award, patient and third-party payments, other grants and contracts). Thus, Table 
8A describes what it costs to operate the health center’s approved scope of project. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this table. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 8A: FINANCIAL COSTS 

This table provides accrued costs and allocation of facility and non-clinical support services by cost center. 

COLUMN REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 

This table is made up of three columns: Accrued Costs (Column A), Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical 
Support Services (Column B), and the Total Cost after Allocation (Column C). 

• Report the costs accrued in the calendar year, including depreciation, regardless of when (or, in the case of 
donations on Line 18, if) actual cash payments were made. 
• Report only the depreciation taken on capital assets, including those acquired with HRSA’s BPHC grants, 
NOT the full purchase cost. 
• Report interest payments on loans as an expense cost. 
• DO NOT report bad debt expense or the repayment of the principal of a loan. These are not reported 
anywhere in the UDS Report. 


Note: A table summarizing the cost columns is included in FAQ for Table 8A 
. 

Column A: Accrued Costs 

• Report the accrued costs in U.S. dollars associated with each of the service delivery cost centers listed. See Line Definitions 
for costs to include in each category. 
• Report the total facility cost and the total cost of non-clinical support services (also referred to as 
administrative costs) separately on Lines 14 and 15. 


Column B: Allocation of Facility Costs and Non-Clinical Support Service Costs 

• Report the allocation of facility and non-clinical support services costs (U.S. dollars) (from Lines 14 and 15, 
Column A) to each of the cost centers. See Allocation Methods 
at the end of the instructions for this table for 
guidance on allocating facility and non-clinical support service costs. 


Column C: Total Cost After Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services 

• Report the cost (U.S. dollars) of each of the cost centers listed on Lines 1–13. 
• This cost is the sum of the direct cost, reported in Column A, plus the allocation of facility and non-clinical 
support services costs, reported in Column B. 



Note: All UDS calculations involving total cost, such as total costs per patient, are based on Line 17 and DO 
NOT include the value of donated services, supplies, or facilities reported on Line 18. 

COST CENTER LINE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 

• Align costs reported on Table 8A with FTEs and services reported on Table 5. A crosswalk that classifies 
personnel for various cost line items is available in Appendix B 
. 
• If an individual’s FTE is split across multiple lines on Table 5, the same proportional allocation must be used 
for that individual’s personnel costs on this table. 


Medical Personnel Costs (Line 1) 

• Report all medical personnel costs, including salaries and fringe benefits, for medical care personnel reported 
on Table 5, Lines 1–12, including costs for salaried personnel and contracted individuals. 
• Include costs of medical interns and residents who were paid directly or under a contract with their teaching 
institution. 
• Report vouchered or contracted medical services, including the cost of any medical visit paid for directly by 
the health center, such as at-risk specialty care from a managed care organization (MCO) contract or other 
specialty care. 
• Report any EHR incentive payments the health center permits the provider to retain through the Promoting 
Interoperability Program. (Also, report all Promoting Interoperability Program EHR incentive payments 
received during the calendar year from Medicare as cash receipts on Table 9E, Line 3a.) DO NOT report the 
Promoting Interoperability Program EHR incentive payments retained by the health center on this table. 
• Include costs for medical activities by medical personnel even when they are not directly providing care to 
patients, such as chairing or attending meetings, supervising personnel, writing clinical protocols, designing 
formularies, setting hours, or approving specialty referrals. The exception to this rule is when a medical 
director or chief medical officer is engaged in non-clinical activities at the corporate level, in which case 
time (FTE on Table 5) and costs are allocated to the non-clinical category. 
• DO NOT report the costs of medical lab and X-ray personnel (report on Line 2) or dedicated health IT/EHR 
informatics and QI personnel (report on Line 12a). 
• DO NOT report the costs of intake, patient health records, and billing and collections, as these are considered 
non-clinical support costs (report on Line 15). 


Medical Lab and X-Ray Costs (Line 2) 

• Report all costs for the provision of medical lab and X-ray services and personnel reported on Table 5, Lines 
13 and 14 (including sonography, mammography, and any advanced forms of tomography), including salaries 
and fringe benefits provided directly or under contract. 
• DO NOT include other direct medical costs, including but not limited to medical supplies, equipment 
depreciation, and related travel (report on Line 3). 
• DO NOT include dental lab and X-ray costs (report as Dental, Line 5). 
• DO NOT include costs for retinography readings by specialists (most commonly for diabetic patients) (report 
as Vision Services, Line 9a). 



Other Direct Medical Costs (Line 3) 

• Report all non-personnel direct costs for medical care, including but not limited to supplies, equipment 
depreciation, related travel, medical education expense, meeting registration and travel, uniform laundering, 
recruitment, membership in professional societies, books, and journal subscriptions, but not including fringe 
benefits (which are reported on Line 1). 
• Report the cost of the medical aspects of a health IT/EHR system, including but not limited to the 
depreciation of software and hardware, training costs, and licensing fees. If the health IT/EHR system is used 
in other service categories (e.g., mental health, dental), allocate costs to each of the services in which it is 
used. 
• DO NOT report non-clinical support services and facility costs associated with these cost centers (report on 
Lines 14 and 15, Column A, and then allocate them to the cost center in Column B). (See also FAQ for Table 5
.) 


Total Medical (Line 4) 

Sum Lines 1 + 2 + 3. 
Other Clinical Services (Lines 5–10) 

This category includes personnel and related costs for dental, mental health, substance use disorder, pharmacy, 
vision, and services rendered by other professional personnel (e.g., chiropractors, naturopaths, occupational and 
physical therapists, speech and hearing therapists, podiatrists). Unlike medical, all costs are included on a single 
line. 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of these services, including but not limited to personnel, fringe 
benefits, training, contracted services, office supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, health IT/EHR, 
lab services, and X-ray. 
• DO NOT report non-clinical support services and facility costs associated with these cost centers (report on 
Lines 14 and 15, Column A, and then allocate them to the cost center in Column B). (See also FAQ for Table 5
.) 


Dental (Line 5) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of dental services reported on Table 5, Lines 16–18. 


Mental Health (Line 6) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of mental health services reported on Table 5, Lines 20a–20c, other 
than substance use disorder services. 
• If a behavioral health program provides both mental health and substance use disorder services, the cost 
should be allocated between the two services. Allocations must align with FTEs and visits reported on Table 
5. DO NOT make any allocations based on the detail reported on the Selected Service Detail Addendum. 


Substance Use Disorders (Line 7) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of substance use disorder services reported on Table 5, Line 20. 
• If a behavioral health program provides both mental health and substance use disorder services, the cost should 
be allocated between the two services. Allocations must align with FTEs and visits reported on Table 5. 
• DO NOT make any allocations based on the detail reported on the Selected Service Detail Addendum. 



Pharmacy (Not Including Pharmaceuticals) (Line 8a) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of pharmacy services reported on Table 5, Lines 23a–23d. 
• If 340B drugs are purchased by or on behalf of a clinic and dispensed by a contract pharmacy, report the full 
dispensing fees and any other service fees (such as “share of profit,” pharmacy benefit manager costs, 
inventory fees, ordering fees, administrative fees, or a charge for pharmacy computer services) on this line, 
regardless of whether the health center pays the full amount, pays a net after subtraction of revenue at the 
contract pharmacy, or simply receives a reduced net payment from the pharmacy. 
• DO NOT include the cost of pharmaceuticals (report on Line 8b). 
• DO NOT report the cost of personnel engaged in assisting patients to become eligible for free 
pharmaceuticals from manufacturers (often called PAPs) (report as Eligibility Assistance on Line 11e). 


Pharmaceuticals (Line 8b) 

• Report all costs for the purchase of pharmaceuticals only. 
• Include vaccines and medications administered at the health center (e.g., penicillin, Depo-Provera, 
buprenorphine). 
• Report the full cost of 340B drugs purchased by or on behalf of the clinic and dispensed by a contract 
pharmacy. This includes 340B drugs paid for in full by the health center, as well as the full cost of drugs paid 
for through an agreement whereby the pharmacy initially pays for the drugs and then deducts the cost from 
their receipts. 
• DO NOT include other supplies here (report on Line 8a, Pharmacy). 
• DO NOT include the value of donated pharmaceuticals (report on Line 18, Column C). 


Note: Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, is grayed out on Pharmaceuticals, 
Line 8b. Report total overhead costs for pharmaceuticals on Line 8a, Pharmacy. 

Other Professional (Line 9) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of other professional and ancillary health care services reported on 
Table 5, Line 22, including but not limited to, podiatry, chiropractic, acupuncture, naturopathy, speech and 
hearing pathology, or occupational and physical therapy. (A more complete list appears in Appendix A
.) 
• DO NOT report the cost of WIC, the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE), or ADHC here 
(report on Line 12, Other Program-Related). 


Note: Use the “specify” field to detail the other professional costs reported on this line. 

Vision (Line 9a) 

• Report all direct costs for the provision of vision services reported on Table 5, Lines 22a–22c, including 
optometry, ophthalmology, and vision support personnel. 
• Include the cost of frames and lenses. 
• Include costs for retinography (including for diabetic patients) and any contracted costs for reading the 
results. 



Total Other Clinical (Line 10) 

Sum of Lines 5 + 6 + 7 + 8a + 8b + 9a. 

Enabling (Lines 11a–11h, 11) 

Enabling services include a wide range of services that support and assist primary care and facilitate patient 
access to care. Report all direct costs for the provision of enabling services reported on Table 5, Lines 24–28, 
including salary, fringe benefits, supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, and contracted services. 

• Report enabling services by function. Use Lines 11a–11h to detail the cost of seven specific types of enabling 
services and an “other” category for all other forms of enabling services. 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Case management (11a) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Transportation (11b) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Outreach (11c) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Health education (11d) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Eligibility assistance (includes assistance in obtaining program eligibility, including PAP and health 
insurance coverage options) (11e) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Translation/interpretation services (11f) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Other (specify the other forms of enabling services included on this line if used) (11g) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Community health workers (11h) 



• The enabling services personnel costs reported (for Lines 11a and 11d) must be consistent with the FTEs and 
visits reported on Table 5. 




Note: Descriptions of the services and personnel that belong in each of these categories are included in the Instructions for Table 5 
and in Appendix A
. 

Note: The overhead to be allocated to all enabling service categories is reported in Column B on Line 11, Total 
Enabling Services. Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, is grayed out for all 
other enabling service categories. 

Total Enabling Services (Line 11) 

Sum of Lines 11a + 11b + 11c + 11d + 11e + 11f + 11g + 11h. 

Other Program-Related (Line 12) 

• Report costs of all in-scope items and programs not classifiable as medical, dental, behavioral, vision, 
enabling, or other professional health services (Lines 1–11). 
• Include programs and items such as WIC, child care centers, ADHC centers, fitness centers, Head Start and 
Early Head Start, housing, clinical trials, research, employment training, the cost of space, personnel, and 
other items leased to others, retail pharmacy services provided to non–health center patients, and similar 
activities. 
• Report salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, and contracted services. 



• Report the estimated cost of facilities, programs, or services that are not tied to health center patient activity. 
Examples might include renting out space in the health center or providing retail pharmacy services to non-
patient members of the community. 
• Report the amount of health center grant funds passed through to other agencies if patient activity is not 
included in the health center’s reporting. 
• Describe the programs and their costs using the “specify” field provided. The program descriptions should 
correspond to the “specify” field on Table 5, Line 29a, where FTE are reported. 


Quality Improvement (QI) (Line 12a) 

• Report all direct costs for the health center’s QI program reported on Table 5, Line 29b, including all 
personnel who are dedicated in whole or in part to QI. 
• Include the costs of personnel dedicated to the QI program and/or health IT/EHR system development and 
analysis, their fringe benefits, supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, and contracted services. 
• DO NOT allocate portions of the time and cost that QI personnel spend attending meetings, participating in 
peer review, designing or interpreting QI findings, and so on to other service categories. 


Total Enabling, Other Program-Related, and Quality Improvement Services (Line 13) 

Sum of Lines 11 + 12 +12a. 

Facility Costs (Line 14) 

• Report costs associated with FTE reported on Table 5, Line 31, including all personnel dedicated to facility 
services and their fringe benefits, as well as supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, and contracted 
services. 
• Include rent and/or depreciation (not asset acquisition cost) of facilities and mobile units, facility mortgage 
interest (but not principal) payments, utilities, security, grounds keeping, facility maintenance and repairs, 
janitorial services, and all other related costs. 
• DO NOT report the cost of space leased to others on this line. Instead, report it as Other Program-Related 
costs on Line 12. The receipts associated with these leases are reported on Table 9E, Line 10. 


Note: Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, and Total Cost After Allocation of 
Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column C, are grayed out for Facility Costs, Line 14. 

Non-Clinical Support Services Costs (Line 15) 

• Report non-clinical support services costs (sometimes referred to as administrative costs) associated with the 
personnel reported on Table 5, Lines 30a–30c and 32, including the cost of all non-clinical support services 
personnel, senior administrative personnel (CEO, CFO, COO, HR director, et al.), billing and collections 
personnel, patient health records and intake personnel, and the costs associated with them. Include the portion 
of the medical directors or other personnel costs dedicated to corporate management activities. 
• Include salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, equipment depreciation, related travel, and contracted services. 



• Report corporate costs (e.g., purchase of facility and liability insurance, not including malpractice insurance, 
audits, legal fees, interest payments on non-facility loans, and communication costs including phone and 
internet). 
• Report costs attributable to the board of directors, including travel expenses, meetings, directors’ and officers’ 
insurance, conference registration fees, and similar expenses. 
• Some grant programs limit the proportion of grant funds that may be used for non-clinical support services. 
DO NOT consider those limits on “administrative” costs for those programs when completing Lines 14 and 
15. The non-clinical support services and facility categories for this report include all such personnel working 
at the health center, whether or not that cost was includable or considered “administrative” in a grant budget. 
• DO NOT report bad debt expenses for patient services here or anywhere on this table. Report self-pay bad 
debt as an adjustment to patient self-pay charges on Table 9D, Line 13. 


Note: Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, and Total Cost After Allocation of 
Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column C, are grayed out for Non-Clinical Support Services Costs, 
Line 15. 

Total Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services (Line 16) 

Sum of Lines 14 + 15. 

Note: Since the direct facility and non-clinical support cost in Column A is allocated to the other cost centers, 
nothing is reported in Columns B or C on Lines 14–16. These fields are grayed out. 

Total Accrued Costs (Line 17)Reference 25 


Sum of Lines 4 + 10 + 13 + 16. 

Note: Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, is grayed out for Total Accrued 
Costs, Line 17. 

Value of Donated Facilities, Services, and Supplies (Line 18, Column C) 

• Report the total imputed (assigned) value of all in-kind and donated services, facilities, and supplies that are 
necessary to the health center’s operation applicable to the calendar year and within your scope of project as 
follows. 
• Report the estimated reasonable acquisition cost of donated personnel, supplies, services, space rental, and 
estimated depreciation for the use of donated equipment. 
• Report donated pharmaceuticals (including vaccines) at the price that would be paid under the Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of federal Section 340B Drug Pricing Program 
, NOT the manufacturer’s suggested retail price. 
• Estimate reasonable acquisition cost of donated personnel at the cost of hiring comparable personnel. 
• If the health center is not paying NHSC for assignees, include the full market value of NHSC federal 
assignee(s), including “ready responders.” Capitalize NHSC-furnished equipment, including a dental 
operatory, at the amount reported on the NHSC Equipment Inventory Document, and report the appropriate 
depreciation expense for the calendar year. 
• Use the “specify” field provided to describe the donated items and amounts in detail. 


25 This is the amount used in the HRSA’s BPHC calculation of measures involving total cost. 

• DO NOT include the value of donations in Column A on the lines above. 
• DO NOT use the sum of the usual and customary charges rendered by providers who donate their services to 
value their donation. 


Note: Accrued Cost, Column A, and Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, are 
grayed out for Value of Donated Facilities, Services, and Supplies, Line 18. 

Total with Donations (Line 19) 

Sum of Lines 17 + 18, Column C. 

Note: Accrued Cost, Column A, and Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services, Column B, are 
grayed out for Total with Donations, Line 19. 

COLUMN B: FACILITY AND NON-CLINICAL SUPPORT SERVICES ALLOCATION INSTRUCTIONS 

There are multiple ways that facility and non-clinical support services (Lines 14 and 15, Column A) may be 
allocated to the cost centers in Column B (Lines 1–13). 

• Use the simplest method that produces a reasonably accurate result that is comparable to that obtained by a 
more complex method. Use the method described below if a more accurate method is not available. 
• It is recommended that facility and non-clinical support costs that can be directly associated to a cost center 
be allocated first when those costs represent a significant portion of the cost being allocated to the cost center. 
For instance, the facility and non-clinical support costs of a service delivery site that only provides dental 
services can be directly allocated in Column B to Dental, Line 5. The health IT/EHR support personnel who 
support the medical department can be directly allocated in Column B to Medical, Line 1. 
• The remaining allocation of indirect costs can be done using a single-or multi-step allocation process such as 
those described below. 
• A preferable and commonly used two-step method is to first allocate facility costs based upon the proportion 
of square feet used by each cost center at each location. The second step is to allocate the remaining nonclinical 
support service cost based upon the percentage of direct cost that is non-clinical support, after the 
allocation of facility cost is applied. 
• Given that managing personnel consumes most of administrative overhead, a one-step method based solely on 
the percentage distribution of square feet will usually NOT produce an accurate allocation of overhead. 
• When a two-step method is not used, a typical one-step method uses the proportion of facility and non-clinical 
support costs (overhead costs) to total direct cost (excluding facility, non-clinical support, and 
pharmaceuticals). The resulting percentage is multiplied by the total direct cost for each cost center to arrive 
at the overhead allocation for each cost center. 


Facility 

Facility cost is commonly allocated based upon the proportion of square feet used by each cost center at each 
location. 

Note: The record of square feet used by each cost center at each location should be updated each year or as space 
use changes. 


Non-Clinical Support Services 

Some of the indirect non-clinical support costs may be allocated separately based on known use or other factors. 

• Adjust for decentralized front desk personnel and billing and collection systems and personnel. 
• Allocate costs for billing and accounting systems based on use. 
• Allocate various components of non-clinical services based on their use when these amounts are significant, 
and the use is not shared equally. 
• Allocate a lesser percentage to large purchased-service costs (e.g., lab, X-ray, pharmacy) that are known to 
consume less overhead. 
• Allocate the remaining indirect non-clinical support cost to each cost center based on the proportion each cost 
center’s direct cost plus previously allocated overhead cost is of the total of those costs. 


Other Allocation Considerations 

• Lines 1 and 3 both refer to aspects of the medical practice. It is acceptable to report the allocation of all 
medical facility and non-clinical support services on Line 1 if a more appropriate allocation between Lines 1 
and 3 is not available. 
• Pharmaceuticals (Line 8b) does not have an open cell to report an allocation. This is because pharmaceuticals 
are exclusively purchased goods that have no personnel and minimal space costs included and, therefore, 
consume a significantly lesser facility and non-clinical support charge than services involving personnel. Any 
allocation of overhead (which is usually minimal) that you choose to make for pharmaceuticals must be 
reported on Line 8a. 
• There may be other sizable contracted or purchased goods and services that use less facility and non-clinical 
support. A lesser allocation may be appropriate. 


FAQ FOR TABLE 8A 

1. How do we account for donated services? 

If a provider comes to your health center and renders a service to your patients, report both the FTE (on Table 
5) and the value, which is determined by “what the health center would reasonably pay” for the time (not the 
service), on Table 8A, Line 18. For example, if an optometrist sees five patients in a 2-hour period, report the 
amount you would pay an optometrist for 2 hours of work, not the total charges for the five visits. 

However, if you refer a patient to a provider outside of your health center for a service and the provider 
donates these services, DO NOT report the activity, the charge, or the value of the time or service on the 
UDS. This is outside of the health center’s scope of project and is considered a donation made by the external 
provider to the patient. For example, if you refer a patient to a cardiologist who provides free consultation, 
DO NOT count the visit or the monetary value of the provider’s service. 


2. How do we account for donated drugs? 

If drugs are donated directly to the health center, which then dispenses them to a patient, calculate and report 
on Line 18 the value of the drug at what the health center would reasonably pay for them. This is NOT the 
retail cost of the drug; it is the 340B price of the drug—an amount that is generally 40–60% of the average 
wholesale price (AWP). 





3. We get most of our vaccines through Vaccines for Children (VFC) or other state and county programs. 
Are these considered donated drugs and accounted for here? 

Yes. Report the value of donated drugs that are used in the health center, such as vaccines, on Line 18 in 
Table 8A―again, at the reasonable cost based on 340B drug pricing or at a discounted price from the AWP. 


4. Our doctors were paid the EHR incentive payments directly by CMS. If we let them keep some or all of 
these dollars, are they reported anywhere on Table 8A? 

Yes. Establish reporting mechanisms whereby your providers inform you of payments received and account 
for these funds. If providers are permitted to retain some or all these funds, report the amount as additional 
provider compensation on Line 1. In addition, report the Promoting Interoperability EHR payments received 
from Medicare on Table 9E, Line 3a. 


5. What method of overhead (facility and non-clinical support services) allocation should we use for this 
table? 

There are multiple ways that facility and non-clinical support services may be allocated to the cost centers in 
Column B. Use the method that produces a reasonably accurate result. See the suggested single-and multi-
step allocation methods 
for additional information on these methods. 


6. Do we need to allocate overhead for purchased goods and services? 

Purchased (contracted) services DO NOT warrant a full overhead charge, given that they DO NOT involve 
the management of personnel. However, the procurement and supervision of those arrangements do consume 
overhead that should be reported. Assuming the amount of purchased services are significant, a lesser 
overhead allocation set at a rate that covers the cost of accounting, inventory management, and contract 
management is appropriate. 


7. Why do our financial statements NOT tie to the UDS financials? 

The UDS financials (Tables 8A, 9D, and 9E) will NOT tie to your financial statements for some or all of the 
following reasons: 

(1) The UDS Report is to reflect calendar year January 1–December 31 data, but the health center’s fiscal 
year may be a different period. 
(2) Activity outside the scope of the federal project is included in the health center’s financial statements but 
excluded in the UDS. 
(3) Net patient service revenue that could be estimated from table 9D (charges less adjustments) may differ 
from the financial statements because the UDS only reports self-pay bad debt rather than the full 
adjustment for bad debt attributable to all payers and circumstances. 
(4) Settlement and wrap revenue is only reported in the UDS upon its receipt, and health centers may be able 
to recognize and report some or all of the revenue on an accrual basis in the period it is earned. 
(5) Table 9E reports all non–patient service-related revenue on a cash basis, and health centers will recognize 
this revenue on an accrual basis in their financial statements. 



8. What do we need to report in the different columns of this table? 

The column definitions 
are detailed on Table 8A. Below is a summary of what to include in each column. 





Accrued Cost (a) 
Allocation of Facility and Non 
Clinical Support Services (b) 
Total Cost After Allocation of Facility 
and Non Clinical Support Services (c) 
Costs attributable to the calendar year 
by cost center. 
Report costs of: 

• 
personnel 
• 
fringe benefits 
• 
supplies 
• 
equipment 
• 
depreciation 
• 
interest paid 
• 
related travel 


Exclude bad debt and repayment of 
principal on loans. 

Allocation of facility and non-clinical 
support services (Column A, Lines 14 
and 15) to each cost center. 

Note: Total of Column B must be 
equal to Column A, Line 16. 

Represents cost to operate services. 

Note: Sum of Columns A + B (done 
automatically in EHBs). 




9. How are subawardee and contractor relationships to be reported? 

Report the total cost of subawardee project operations in the UDS Report of the awarded health center that 
provided a subaward to the other health center (subawardee). If the subawardee is also a Health Center 
Program awardee, the subawardee will also report this activity on its UDS. 

Activity associated with contracts for services purchased by one health center and provided by another health 
center will be reported in the UDS Report of both health centers. The health center providing the services 
reports the costs and activity of the services provided. The health center purchasing the services reports the 
cost and the activity of the services purchased. 


10. How do we report the cost of shared or common space? 

All facility costs, including the cost of common space, are included and reported on Line 14, Facility, in 
Column A, Accrued Costs. 


11. How do we report the cost of space, personnel, or other items that the health center leased or donated 
to others? 

The cost of space, personnel, and other items leased or donated by the health center to others is reported on 
Line 12, Other Program-Related Services. 


12. We pass through funds to another health center, and we do not include the patient activity in our UDS 
Report. How do we report the funds passed through to the other agency? 

When you do not include patient activities occurring at another health center to which you passed grant funds, 
report the amount passed through to that health center on Line 12: Other Program-Related Costs. 





TABLE 8A: FINANCIAL COSTS 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Cost Center Accrued Cost (a) 
Allocation of 
Facility and Non 
Clinical Support 
Services (b) 
Total Cost After 
Allocation of 
Facility and Non 
Clinical Support 
Services (c) 
Financial Costs of Medical Care 
1 Medical Personnel 
2 Lab and X-ray 
3 Medical/Other Direct 
4 Total Medical Care Services 
(Sum of Lines 1 through 3) 
Financial Costs of Other Clinical 
Services 
5 Dental 
6 Mental Health 
7 Substance Use Disorder 
8a Pharmacy (not including pharmaceuticals) 
8b Pharmaceuticals 
9 Other Professional 
(specify
(Enter the Other Professional: specify) 
) 
9a Vision 
10 Total Other Clinical Services 
(Sum of Lines 5 through 9a) 
Financial Costs of Enabling and Other 
Services 
11a Case Management 
11b Transportation 
11c Outreach 
11d Health Education 
11e Eligibility Assistance 
11f Interpretation Services 
11g Other Enabling Services 
(specify
(Enter the Other Enabling Services: specify) 
) 
11h Community Health Workers 
11 Total Enabling Services 
(Sum of Lines 11a through 11h) 
12 Other Program-Related Services 
(specify
(Enter the Other Program-Related Services: specify) 
) 
12a Quality Improvement 
13 Total Enabling and Other Services 
(Sum of Lines 11, 12, and 12a) 


Facility and Non-Clinical Support 
Services and Totals 
14 Facility 
15 Non-Clinical Support Services 
16 Total Facility and Non-Clinical Support 
Services 
(Sum of Lines 14 and 15) 
17 Total Accrued Costs 
(Sum of Lines 4 + 10 + 13 + 16) 
18 Value of Donated Facilities, Services, and 
Supplies (specify
(Enter the Value of Donated Facilities, Services, and Supplies: specify) 
) 
19 Total with Donations 
(Sum of Lines 17 and 18) 

Table 8A Cross-Table Considerations: 

• The personnel and visits on Table 5 are routinely compared to the costs on Table 8A. See the crosswalk of 
comparable fields in Appendix B
. 
• Report the value of donated goods and services received on Table 8A. Report cash donations received on 
Table 9E. 



Instructions for Table 9D: Patient Service Revenue 

This table collects patient service revenue, including charges, collections, and adjustments attributable to the 
calendar year. 

The Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of Health Center Program Compliance Manual
requires that all health centers have a fee schedule, based on 
locally prevailing rates and actual health center costs, and that they discount these fees (see discussion regarding sliding fee discounts
) based on a patient’s income and family/household size. Health centers are also required to 
make reasonable efforts to collect payment from patients and/or their third-party payers, consistent with Health 
Center Program Compliance Manual requirements. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

A key change has been made to Table 9D, as outlined below: 

• A “specify” field has been added to Other Public, Line 9, to describe the other public payer revenue. 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 9D: PATIENT SERVICE REVENUE 

This table reports charge, collection, and adjustment data for patient services provided within the health center’s 
scope of federal project. 

Revenue reported on Table 9D generally aligns with the classification of patients by type of medical insurance 
reported on Table 4. A crosswalk that shows this alignment is available in Appendix B
. 

ROWS: PAYER CATEGORIES AND FORM OF PAYMENT 

Five major payer categories are listed: Medicaid, Medicare, Other Public, Private, and Self-Pay. All but Self-Pay 
have three sub-categories: non-managed care, capitated managed care, and fee-for-service managed care. 

Payer categories match the options listed on Table 4. An important difference between the two tables is that Table 
4 reflects patients’ primary medical insurance as of their last visit during the calendar year, while Table 9D 
reports on all patient service charges, collections, and adjustments during the calendar year by payer. 

Only report charges, collections, and adjustments as managed care when all of the following criteria are met: 

• There is a contract between the health center (or provider[s] at the health center) and an MCO, where the 
health center assumes some risk (often monetary) tied to quality and/or cost of an assigned group of patients 
as part of that contract. 
• Managed care enrollees are assigned to the health center (or provider[s] at the health center) through the 
managed care plan, and the health center is responsible for the comprehensive care of those attributed patients 
under the specified service contract (e.g., medical, dental, and/or behavioral health). 
• Monthly enrollee data (also sometimes called attribution lists or membership data) are provided by or are 
available from the MCO, such as from an online portal or from an account manager. 



Payer Categories 

Medicaid (Lines 1–3) 

• Report all services billed to and paid for by Medicaid (Title XIX), including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Medicaid managed care plans that may be operated by private insurers. For example, in states with a 
capitated Medicaid program, the health center may have a contract with a private plan like Blue Cross to 
administer the plan. The payer would be Medicaid, even though the actual payment may have come from 
Blue Cross. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
EPSDT, which has various names in different states and is a part of Title XIX. The EPSDT program 
includes some children who are eligible for limited outpatient screening and treatment services only and 
are not included in the rest of the Medicaid program. Report their charges on Line 1. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
CHIP, which has different names in different states, if paid through Medicaid. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Medicaid expansion programs that provide funds for eligible individuals to purchase their own insurance, 
if it is possible to identify them. Otherwise report as Private. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
The portion of charges for dually eligible patients that are reclassified to Medicaid after being first 
submitted to Medicare. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
The portion of the charge paid by Medicaid for Medicaid patients enrolled in a “share of cost” program. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
ADHC or Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) if administered by Medicaid. Treat as 
discussed in Appendix B
. 





Medicare (Lines 4–6) 

• Report all services billed to and paid for by Medicare (Title XVIII), including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Medicare managed care plans, including Medicare Advantage plans run by private insurers. For example, 
where the health center has a contract with a private plan like Blue Cross for Medicare Advantage, 
consider the payer to be Medicare, even though the actual payment may come from Blue Cross. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
The portion of charges for patients covered through multiple insurances (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid, 
Medicare and Private) that are initially paid for by Medicare. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
ADHC or PACE if administered by Medicare. Treat as discussed in Appendix B
. 





Other Public (Lines 7–9) 

• Report all services billed to and paid for by state or local government programs, including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
CHIP when paid for through private insurers. (See Lines 1–3 if CHIP is paid through Medicaid.) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Voluntary family planning programs such as Title X programs, BCCEDPs (with various state names), and 
other dedicated state or local programs. 

Note: Although these categorical grant programs are considered Other Public payers, patients are generally 
classified as Uninsured on Table 4 because the programs do NOT cover comprehensive primary care. 


Circle Used as Bullet 
State-run insurance plans. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Municipal, county, and state carceral facilities. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Public schools and institutions that engage with the health center on a fee-for-service or other service-
based contract basis. 






• DO NOT include: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
State or local indigent care programs. Report their charges, and any associated self-pay collections, 
sliding discounts, and bad debt on the Self-Pay line of Table 9D, Line 13. Report program funds received 
on Table 9E, Line 6a, as described below 
. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Third-party coverage purchased through state or federal exchanges (which may be subsidized). Report as 
Private. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Patients covered through subsidies from a Medicaid expansion program. Report as Medicaid. 



• Use the “specify” field to detail the names of the Other Public programs. 


Private (Lines 10–12) 

• Report all services billed to and paid for by private (commercial) insurance companies or by other third-party 
payers, including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Insurance purchased for public employees or retirees, such as Tricare, Trigon, and the Federal Employees 
Health Benefits Program, as these are benefits belonging to the patient. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Workers’ compensation, which is a form of liability coverage for employers. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Insurance purchased through state exchanges, unless you can identify the patient as being enrolled 
through purchased subsidies from a Medicaid expansion program. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Contract payments from other organizations that engage the clinic on a fee-for-service or other 
reimbursement basis, such as a Head Start program that pays for annual physical exams at a contracted 
rate or a private school or large company that pays for a provision of medical care at a per-session or 
other negotiated rate. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Supplemental insurance (plans that typically cover some amounts that are not paid or are disallowed by 
Medicare). 



• DO NOT report Medicaid, Medicare, or Other Public managed care plans administered by private insurers as 
Private. 


Self-Pay (Line 13) 

• Report all charges and related collections where the patient is responsible, including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
The full charge of services for uninsured patients with no insurance coverage. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Co-payments, deductibles, and charges to insured individuals for non-covered services that become the 
patient’s personal responsibility. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Medicaid patients enrolled in a “share of cost” program in which they pay some portion of the fee as a co-
payment or a deductible. In this case, reclassify the patient’s share of the cost to Self-Pay, Line 13. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
State or local indigent care programs that subsidize services rendered to the uninsured. 

Square Used as Bullet 
Report all charges for these services and collections from patients on the Self-Pay line (Line 13, 
Columns A and B). 
Square Used as Bullet 
Report all amounts not collected or due from the patients as sliding fee discounts or bad debt write-
off, as appropriate, on Line 13, Columns E and F. 
Square Used as Bullet 
Report collections from the associated state and local indigent care programs on Table 9E, Line 6a, 
and specify the name of the program paying for the services. 









Form of Payment 

For each payer category, except for Self-Pay, there are three forms of payment: non-managed care fee-for-service, 
managed care capitated, and managed care fee-for-service. 

Non-Managed Care—Fee-for-Service 

A payment model in which procedures and services are separately charged and paid for patients not assigned to 
the health center under a managed care contract. Third-party payers pay some or all of the bill, generally based on 
agreed-upon maximums or discounts. Report charges, collections, and adjustments from patient services not 
assigned to the health center through a managed care plan as non-managed care. 

Managed Care—Capitated 

A payment model in which a health center contracts with an MCO for a list of services. The MCO pays the health 
center a capitation fee (a set amount, usually paid monthly, for each enrolled patient assigned to the health center) 
regardless of whether any services were rendered during the month. No further direct payment, other than an 
FQHC rate adjustment, is provided if the services rendered are on the list of services covered by the capitation fee 
in the agreement between the health center and the MCO. 

Managed Care—Fee-for-Service 

A payment model in which a health center contracts with an MCO, is assigned patients for whom the health 
center is responsible for providing primary care services and is reimbursed on a fee-for-service (or encounter-rate) 
basis for covered services. 

Managed Care—Combined Capitation and Fee-for-Service 

A common payment model in which some of the services covered by the MCO are included under the capitation 
payment and the remainder of covered services are “carved out” and reimbursed on a fee-for-service basis. Carve-
outs may include treatment of specific diseases (e.g., HIV) or specific services (e.g., prenatal care, labor/delivery). 
In this situation, the charges, collections, and adjustments are separately reported on the corresponding managed 
care lines—those that are for a defined set of services covered by the capitation and those that are reimbursed on a 
fee-for-service basis. 

COLUMNS: CHARGES, PAYMENTS, AND ADJUSTMENTS RELATED TO SERVICES DELIVERED 

Column A: Full Charges This Period 

• Report total charges for patient services provided during the calendar year by each payer source. This will 
initially reflect the total full charges (per the health center’s fee schedule) for patients whose services were 
billed to that payer category during the calendar year. 
• Report charges based on the organization’s fee schedule for services that are billed to and covered in whole or 
in part by a payer, or the patient, even if some or all of them are subsequently written off as contractual 
adjustments, sliding fee discounts, or bad debts. Always report full gross charges according to the health 
center fee schedule, NOT a contracted or negotiated rate. 



Note: Under no circumstances should the actual amount paid by Medicaid or Medicare (such as those described 
as FQHC, G-code, or T-code rates) or the amount paid by any other payer be used as the actual charges. Charges 
must come from the health center’s schedule of fees, typically based on CPT codes, or retail charge (for 
pharmacy). 

• Report pharmaceuticals dispensed through a (340B) contract pharmacy at the pharmacy’s UCR gross charge, 
even though they have a contracted rate with third-party payers. 
• Include charges for ancillary services, such as laboratory and imaging. 
• Include charges for eyeglasses, durable medical equipment, and other similar supply items. 
• Include charges for dispensing or injecting pharmaceuticals donated to the health center or directly to a 
patient if they appear on bills and are collected from first and third parties. 
• DO NOT report: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Charges net of or “contractual adjustments” as a charge. Instead, report the difference between gross 
charges and the amount reimbursed from third parties as an Adjustment 
in Column D. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
charges that are generally not billable to or covered by traditional third-party payers. Some examples 
include WIC services, parking or job training, and transportation and similar enabling services (not 
generally included in Column A, except where the payer [e.g., Medicaid] accepts billing and pays for 
these services). 





Reclassifying Charges 

Services may have been charged to and paid for by more than one source. For example, a patient may have a 
portion of their charge paid by their primary insurance and may have the remainder paid by a secondary insurer or 
the patient or both. Management information systems should automatically reclassify charges rejected by a payer. 

• In these instances, report the charge accepted by the primary payer along with any negotiated adjustment 
amount for their portion of the services to that payer line. 
• Transfer the charges for the balance to the secondary payer; after the secondary payer claim settles, transfer 
the balance to a tertiary payer (if one exists) and, eventually, to the patient as a Self-Pay charge. 
• Only report the amount charged to each payer, reclassifying any portion of the charge to secondary or tertiary 
payers (if they exist). 
• If reclassifying cannot be done automatically, manually transfer the amount rejected from the first payer to the 
next payer. 
• DO NOT reclassify charges by using an adjustment and rebilling to another payer category; this will result in 
an overstatement of total gross charges by reporting the charges twice. 


Column B: Amount Collected This Period 

• Report in Column B the gross receipts for the calendar year, including receipts for services that may have 
been rendered in a prior calendar year. 
• Report FQHC reconciliations, managed care pool distributions, pay-for-performance (P4P) payments, quality 
bonuses, court settlements, and other payments in Column B and in Columns C1, C2, C3, and/or C4. 
• When a contract pharmacy is dispensing 340B drugs on behalf of the health center, report the total cash 
received by the pharmacy separately for patients and third-party payers. 



• Report the managed care capitation payments (monthly payments) received during the calendar year as a 
collection, NOT as a charge, on the capitation line. 


Note: Report charges and collections for deductibles and co-payments that are charged to, paid by, and/or due 
from patients as Self-Pay on Line 13. 

Columns C1–C4: Retroactive Settlements, Receipts, or Paybacks 

• Report in Columns C1–C4 retroactive settlements, receipts, and paybacks, in addition to including them in 
Column B. The most common are Medicaid, Medicare, and CHIP FQHC cost report settlements and 
wraparound payments. Cost report settlements are lump-sum retroactive payments or recoupments based on 
the filing of a cost report. Wraparound payments are made periodically and represent the difference between 
amounts reimbursed and amounts due based upon the approved FQHC visit rates. The original charges that 
these collections are covering may be from a prior calendar year. 
• Include managed care pool distributions, P4P incentive payments, quality bonuses, and paybacks to FQHC 
payers or HMOs. 
• Report retroactive payments received from third parties from a current or prior calendar year, as appropriate, 
in Column B, subtract from Column D, and also report in Columns C1–C3. 
• DO NOT report accruing anticipated receipts in Columns C1–C4. Only report retroactive settlements, 
receipts, or paybacks on a cash basis. 
• DO NOT report wraparound payments if the State pays the FQHC rate upon billing. States that pay the FQHC 
rate rather than a market rate will typically not make wraparound reconciliation payments. 


Column C1: Collection of Reconciliation/Wraparound, Current Year 

• Report FQHC cash receipts from settlements and wraparound payments from Medicare, Medicaid, or Other 
Public payers that are for services provided during the current calendar year. Include the current-year 
component, if any, of multi-year settlements here. 


Column C2: Collection of Reconciliation/Wraparound, Previous Years 

• Report FQHC cash receipts from reconciliations and wraparound payments from Medicare, Medicaid, or 
Other Public payers that are for services provided during previous calendar years. Include the prior-year 
component of multiyear settlements here. 


A supplemental wraparound payment may be made for each visit, including managed care visits, to adjust total 
payment to equal FQHC cost-based rates. 

Apportion settlement data reported in Columns C1 and C2 between the fee-for-service lines and the managed 
care lines when both payment reimbursement methods are used. You may use the percentage distribution of 
visits, charges, or net charges as the basis for the allocation if exact amounts are unknown. 

Note: Columns C1 and C2 are not reported and are grayed out on the Private payer and Self-Pay lines. 

Column C3: Collection of Other Payments Including Pay for Performance, Quality Bonuses, Risk Pools, 
and Incentives 

• Report other cash payments, including managed care risk pool redistribution, incentives including P4P 
incentives, and quality bonuses from any payer. 
• Include payment for patients enrolled in the CMS primary care demonstration projects, regardless of whether 
there is a visit involved. 



• Report settlements that result from a court decision that requires a payer to make a settlement to the health 
center, including a multiyear settlement. These payments may apply to either a managed care or non-managed 
care payer. 
• DO NOT report eligible provider Medicare payments from CMS for implementing EHRs (referred to as 
Promoting Interoperability Program payments). Report these payments on Table 9E, Line 3a. 


Note: Column C3 is not reported and is grayed out on the Self-Pay line. 

Column C4: Penalty/Payback 

• Report, as a positive number, refund payments made by the health center to payers because of overpayments. 
Only report amounts paid back during the calendar year. 
• Report “penalty” payments made to payers due to the health center’s failure to meet utilization or other 
performance goals. 
• Include any money paid out as part of a clawback, such as Medicaid determinations for a certain look-back 
period. Report only if the health center has paid the amount out, as opposed to the amount being held back 
from a reimbursement. 
• If a check was written for the payback, report the payback amount in Column C4, subtract this amount from 
Column B, and add it to Column D as an adjustment. Alternatively, if the payback amount is deducted from a 
remittance, report it in Column C4, but DO NOT adjust Columns B or D. 


Note: Column C4 is not reported and is grayed out on the Self-Pay line. 

Column D: Adjustments 

Virtually all insurance companies have a maximum amount they pay for a given service and the health center 
agrees to write off the difference between what they charge and that contracted amount. These are reported as 
contractual adjustments. 

• Report in Column D adjustments granted as part of an agreement with a third-party payer. 
• Report adjustments as a positive number, unless as you reduce the initial adjustment by the amount of 
retroactive settlements and receipts (reported in Columns C1, C2, and C3), current-and prior-year FQHC 
reconciliations, managed care pool distributions, quality or P4P awards, and other payments the result is a 
negative number. A negative adjustment means more was received for the service than charged. 

Note: Adjustments that have the normal effect of reducing the charge are reported without brackets or a minus 
sign in Column D, and those that have the effect of increasing charges are reported as a negative number. 
Adjustments will not normally exceed charges. 


• Capitated managed care plans (Lines 2a, 5a, 8a, and 11a only) typically pay on a per-member, per-month 
basis and make payments in the current month of enrollment, which means these plans are typically the only 
plans that DO NOT carry significant receivables. In these instances, report the difference between the charges 
for the capitated services provided and the capitation earned during the calendar year (Column A minus 
Column B) as the adjustment (Column D), unless there are early or late capitation payments. 
• No third-party payer adjustments can be entered on Line 13 (Self-Pay), because patient adjustments are 
recognized as either sliding fee discounts (Line 13, Column E) or as self-pay bad debt (Line 13, Column F). 
• If your organization records capitation receipts in the general ledger, this will require that the charges for 
capitation services be eliminated from the PMS with an adjustment, as no payment is expected to be recorded 
in the PMS. DO NOT report these in Column D. Only report adjustments in Column D that are the difference 
between the charges for capitated services and the capitations earned. If the capitations earned were all 



received during the calendar year, the adjustment will equal the difference between Column A and Column B. 
If not all of the capitations earned were received during the calendar year, Column A less Column B less 
Column D will equal the capitation amount due to the health center. 
• DO NOT report amounts for which another third party or a patient is billed (e.g., amounts due from patients 
or “Medigap” payers for co-payments) as adjustments. Transfer these charges from the primary payer to the 
secondary and subsequent payers. 
• Reconciliations are lump-sum retroactive adjustments based on the filing of a settlement report. Report 
charges based on the organization’s fee schedule for services that are billed to and covered in whole or in part 
by a payer or the patient, even if some or all of them are subsequently written off as contractual adjustments. 


Note: Column D is not reported and is grayed out on the Self-Pay line. 

Column E: Sliding Fee Discounts 

The health center’s sliding fee discount policies and procedures determine the discounts, if any, to apply to 
charges owed by patients. 

• Report the amount of sliding fee discounts applied to patient charges based on the patient’s ability to pay 
using patient’s income and family/household size. 
• Include sliding discounts applied to co-payments and deductibles, as applicable. 
• Report prompt pay discounts provided under a hardship fee waiver program as sliding fee discounts. 
• DO NOT report: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
automatic discounting of charges for specific categories of patients (e.g., students, homeless population, 
or migratory and seasonal agricultural workers) as a sliding fee discount. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
bad debt write-off or forgiveness as a sliding fee discount. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
other types of discounts that DO NOT meet the criteria as a sliding fee discount. 





Note: Column E is grayed out on all third-party payer lines and only available on the Self-Pay line. 

Note: When a sliding fee discount is used to write off part of a charge originally made to a third party, such as 
Medicare or a private insurance company’s co-payment or deductible, first transfer or reclassify the charge to 
self-pay. To transfer or reclassify, first reduce the third-party charge by the amount due from the patient and then 
increase the self-pay charges by the same amount. 

Column F: Bad Debt Write-Off 

Bad debt write-off may occur due to the health center’s inability to locate patients, a patient’s refusal to pay, a 
patient’s inability to pay for amounts not subject to a sliding fee discount, or a patient’s inability to pay even after 
the sliding fee discount is granted. 

• Report amounts billed to and defaulted on by any patient. Report bad debts only from patients as self-pay bad 
debts. 
• Report either the amount directly written off from patient accounts during the calendar year or the amount of 
change in the allowance account attributable to self-pay as of the end of the calendar year. 
• DO NOT report the bad debt associated with third parties, which may include charges that were not billed 
within the time permitted by the payer, charges for services rendered to insured patients by providers who 



were not credentialed by that payer, charges due from payers who are bankrupt, and similar bad debts. These 
are not currently reported on the UDS. 


Note: Column F is available only on the Self-Pay line and is grayed out on all third-party payer lines. 

Total Patient Service Revenue (Line 14) 

Sum of Lines 3 + 6 + 9+ 12 + 13. 

FAQ FOR TABLE 9D 

1. How should charges and collections for patients enrolled in an indigent care program be handled? 

Report indigent care program charges as Self-Pay, Line 13, in Column A. 

Report the payments, whether made on a per-visit basis or as a lump sum for services rendered, on Line 6a of 
Table 9E. See cross-table reporting guidance for indigent programs 
for specific instructions. 

DO NOT report on this table payments received from state or local indigent care programs subsidizing 
services rendered to patients who are uninsured. 

DO NOT report anything as an indigent care program without first reviewing this with the UDS Support 
Center or your UDS Reviewer. 


2. Should the charges less collections less adjustments equal zero? 

No, normally this is NOT equal to zero. Charges (Column A) minus collections (Column B) minus 
adjustments (Columns D, E, and F) equals the change in accounts receivable or the amount by which what is 
owed to the health center increases or decreases during the calendar year. Straight capitation plans (Lines 2a, 
5a, 8a, and 11a) may show no change in accounts receivable assuming all capitations earned were received 
during the calendar year. Combined capitation and fee-for-service managed care plans may occasionally show 
a change in accounts receivable on the capitation line due to pending charges, which would be for services not 
covered by the capitation that have yet to be transferred to the fee-for-service managed care line. 


3. If we have not received any reconciliation payments for the calendar year, what do we report in 
Column C1 (current-year reconciliations)? 

Only those cost report settlements and wraparound reconciliations attributable to the report calendar year are 
reported in Column C1, so report zero in Column C1. 


4. We often use our sliding fee discount program to write off the co-payment portion of the Medicare 
charge for our certified low-income patients. The sliding fee discount column (Column E) is grayed out 
for Medicare. How do we record this write-off? 

It is grayed out for Medicare because the write-off is applied to the patient, not Medicare. To do this, 
reclassify or transfer the amount of the co-payment from the charge column of the Medicare line (Lines 4–6, 
as appropriate) to the Self-Pay line (Line 13). It can then be written off as a sliding fee discount on Line 13. 
Use the same process for any other third-party payer co-payment or deductible write-off for patients who 
received a sliding fee discount. 





5. Our system does not automatically reclassify amounts due from other carriers or from the patient. 
Must we, for example, reclassify Medicare charges that become co-payments or Medicaid charges? 

Yes. Regardless of whether it is done automatically by your PMS/health IT/EHR or manually, reflect this 
reclassification of charges that end up being the responsibility of a party other than the initial party. As a rule, 
your system will make this adjustment in some way, but you may need to work with your vendor to get a 
report on the amounts transferred or consult with the UDS Support Center or UDS Reviewer about how to do 
this. 


6. How do we report the charges and collections for pharmaceuticals dispensed at our contract 
pharmacies? 

We discuss contract pharmacy reporting at length in Appendix B
. In general, report the full charge in Column 
A by payer. Report the amount received from the payer on the line corresponding to whom the payment was 
received from in Column B. Report the amount that is written off for an insurance company in Column D. 
Report any sliding discount amount written off for a patient as a sliding fee discount in Column E. Similar 
rules apply if drugs are billable to Medicaid and Medicare. 


7. What is the timing for revenue reporting (charges, collections, adjustments) on Table 9D? 

Charges are to be reported based on the date of service and should be limited to dates of service that occurred 
during 2025. Collections and adjustments are reported based on posting date (which is typically the date the 
payment is received/posted and the health center received an explanation of benefits or similar document 
outlining reimbursement details) and are to be limited to those transactions posted during 2025. 


8. How should we report the charges associated with “G-codes”? 

G-codes specify a reimbursement rate associated with a service or package of services that your health center 
has described to Medicare. They are NOT reported as charges or with fee schedule charges. (Similar amounts 
may be paid to you by other third-party payers as well.) For UDS, report in: 

• Column A: The sum of actual fee schedule/CPT-related charges for visits 
• Column B: What your health center received for payment 
• Column D: The discounted amount disallowed between charges and the amount received 


Remember to reduce the charges by the Medicare co-payment (20% of the allowable charge) and to reclassify 
them to the secondary payer or the patient, as appropriate. See discussion of reclassifying co-payments. 




Note: If both the actual charge and the G-code charge are routinely applied to the visit by your system, you 
must remove the G-code charges by running a report to get the total for G-code charges for the year and then 
subtracting this number from the total charges (actual plus G-code). Report the difference in Column A. Reduce 
Column D by the G-code amount if it was adjusted using a similar process. 


TABLE 9D: PATIENT SERVICE REVENUE 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Retroactive Settlements, Receipts , and Paybacks (c) 
Line Payer Category 
Full 
Charges 
This 
Period 
(a) 
Amount 
Collected 
This 
Period 
(b) 
Collection of 
Reconciliation/ 
Wraparound 
Current Year 
(c1) 
Collection of 
Reconciliation/ 
Wraparound 
Previous Years 
(c2) 
Collection 
of Other 
Payments: 
P4P, Risk 
Pools, etc. 
(c3) 
Penalty/ 
Payback 
(c4) 
Adjustments 
(d) 
Sliding Fee 
Discounts 
(e) 
Bad 
Debt 
Write 
Off 
(f) 
1 Medicaid Non-Managed Care 
2a 
Medicaid Managed Care 
(capitated) 
2b 
Medicaid Managed Care (feefor-
service) 
3 
Total Medicaid 
(Sum of Lines 1 + 2a + 2b) 
4 Medicare Non-Managed Care 
5a 
Medicare Managed Care 
(capitated) 
5b 
Medicare Managed Care (feefor-
service) 
6 
Total Medicare 
(Sum of Lines 4 + 5a + 5b) 
7 
Other Public, including Non-
Medicaid CHIP, Non-Managed 
Care 
8a 
Other Public, including Non-
Medicaid CHIP, Managed Care 
(capitated) 
8b 
Other Public, including Non-
Medicaid CHIP, Managed Care 
(fee-for-service) 
9 
Total Other Public (specify 
(Enter the Total Other Public: specify) 
) 
(Sum of Lines 7 + 8a + 8b) 


10 Private Non-Managed Care 
11a 
Private Managed Care 
(capitated) 
11b 
Private Managed Care (fee-forservice) 
12 
Total Private 
(Sum of Lines 10 + 11a + 11b) 
13 Self-Pay 
14 
TOTAL 
(Sum of Lines 3 + 6 + 9 + 12 + 
13) 

Table 9D Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Charges and collections by payer on Table 9D are related to the classification of patients by medical insurance on Table 4. See the crosswalk of 
comparable fields in Appendix B
. For example, dividing Medicaid revenue on Table 9D, Line 3, Column B by Total Medicaid Patients on Table 4, 
Line 8 equals the average collection per Medicaid patient. 
• Other Public charges and collections on Table 9D are generally not directly comparable to Table 4 Other Public. Categorical grants such as Title X and 
BCCEDP are NOT insurance and the patients are usually classified as Uninsured on Table 4, but their associated charges and collections are shown as 
Other Public on Table 9D. 
• Managed care revenue on Table 9D relates to member months on Table 4. Dividing managed care capitation revenue by member months equals 
average capitation per member per month (PMPM). For example, dividing Medicaid capitation revenue (Table 9D, Line 2a, Column B − (c1 +c2 +c3 
− c4)) by Table 4, Line 13a, Column A equals Medicaid PMPM. 
• Billable visits reported on Table 5 should relate to patient charges reported on Table 9D. 



Instructions for Table 9E: Other Revenue 

Table 9E reports non–patient service receipts, including grants, contracts, and other funds received in the calendar 
year from sources supporting the approved scope of project. This table includes all revenue received that are not 
directly tied to the delivery of a specific patient service. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

Several key changes have been made to Table 9E, as outlined below: 

• Funding is no longer available from the Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental 
Appropriations Act (activity code H8C) (Line 1l), Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) 
Act (activity code H8D) (Line 1m), and Expanding Capacity for Coronavirus Testing (activity code H8E and 
ECT) (Line 1n). 
• Funding for Expanding COVID-19 Vaccination (ECV) (activity code H8G) previously reported on line 1p is 
to now be reported on line 1p2, Other COVID-19-Related Funding from HRSA’s BPHC. 
• Funding is no longer available from the Provider Relief Fund (Line 3b). Any remaining Provider Relief Funds 
are to be reported on Line 3, Other Federal Grants. 


This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

TABLE 9E: OTHER REVENUE 

This table provides information about the health center’s receipt of funds used to support in-scope activities not 
reported on Table 9D: Patient Service Revenue. 

• Report all non–patient service-related receipts or funds drawn down during the calendar year that supported 
the federally approved scope of project. 
• Use the “last party rule” to classify the receipts. The “last party rule,” for UDS reporting purposes, means 
that grant, contract, and other funds should always be reported based on the entity from which the health 
center received them, regardless of the source from which they originated. 
• DO NOT report any receipts on both Tables 9D and 9E, as this will duplicate the cash revenue received. 


Note: Tables 9D and 9E receipts are summed to equal total cash revenue received during the calendar year. 

HRSA’S BPHC GRANTS 

Health Center Program Grants, Lines 1a Through 1e 

• Report drawdowns received during the calendar year for the Health Center Program (section 330) grant, 
including: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
Amounts consistent with the Federal Financial Report (FFR). Report grant drawdowns as follows: 

Square Used as Bullet 
MSAW on Line 1a 
Square Used as Bullet 
CHC on Line 1b 
Square Used as Bullet 
HP on Line 1c 
Square Used as Bullet 
RPH on Line 1e 



Circle Used as Bullet 
Supplemental funding, such as the school-based service site or expansion, behavioral health service 
expansion, early childhood development, primary care HIV prevention, quality improvement fund





maternal health, quality improvement fund-optimizing virtual care, quality improvement fund-transitions 
in care for justice-involved populations, accelerating cancer screening (AxCS), and expanded hours 
(except for COVID-19), from HRSA is provided as part of the associated 330 grant. Report these grant 
funds on the appropriate 330 grant Lines 1a–1e, as specified in the health center Notice of Award. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Report direct 330 grant funding, including NAP or expansion funds, only on these lines. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Include amounts that the health center received and passed through to another Health Center Program 
awardee. 



• DO NOT reduce the drawdown by the amount the health center passed through to another health center, 
including sub-awardees or sub-recipients. 
• If the health center is a look-alike or BHW primary care clinic, DO NOT report grant receipts from HRSA’s 
BPHC Health Center Program on these lines. The fields are grayed out in the EHBs. 


Total Health Center Program (Line 1g) 

Sum of Lines 1a through 1e. 

Capital Development Grants (Line 1k) 

• Report the amount of HRSA’s BPHC Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of Capital Development Grant
dollars drawn down during the calendar 
year. 
• Include funds from the Health Center Program facility program. 
• Report Capital Assistance for Hurricane Response and Recovery Efforts (CARE), Capital Assistance for 
Disaster Response and Recovery Efforts (CADRE), and other funds awarded by HRSA to assist in the 
reconstruction and repair of facilities destroyed or damaged by natural disasters. 


COVID-19 Supplemental Funding 

Lines 1o through 1p2 

• Report drawdowns received during the calendar year for COVID-19 supplemental funding, consistent with 
the PMS-272 federal cash transaction report. Report grant drawdowns as follows: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
American Rescue Plan (ARP), including ARP capital improvement grants (activity code H8F, L2C, and 
C8E) (Line 1o) 
Circle Used as Bullet 
Other COVID-19-related funding drawn down from HRSA’s BPHC grants (Line 1p2), including 
Expanding COVID-19 Vaccination (ECV) (activity code H8G) and Bridge to Access (activity code H8L). 
Use the “specify” field to detail the names and amounts of other COVID-19-related funding from HRSA. 





Total COVID-19 Supplemental (Line 1q) 

Sum of Lines 1o through 1p2. 

Total HRSA’s BPHC Grants (Line 1) 

Sum of Lines 1g + 1k+ 1q. 


OTHER FEDERAL GRANTS 

Ryan White Part C—HIV Early Intervention Grants (Line 2) 

• Report drawdowns received during the calendar year for Ryan White Part C, Early Intervention Services and 
Capacity Development Grants, cash receipts. 
• Guidance for reporting funds from other Ryan White titles is provided in the FAQ for Table 9E
. 


Other Federal Grants (Line 3) 

Federal grants include only those funds received directly by the health center from the U.S. Treasury for which 
there is a Notice of Federal Award. Examples of common “other federal” grants reported are from the Bureau of 
Health Workforce (BHW), the Office of Minority Health (OMH), the Indian Health Service (IHS), the 
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Federal Communications Commission (FCC), the 
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), CARES Act Provider Relief Fund 
through HHS, and U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations webpage on Content Details of Congressionally Directed Spending
awards. 

• Report drawdowns received during the calendar year for any other federal grants that are within the scope of 
project. Use the “specify” field to detail the names and amounts of other federal grants. 
• Include IHS funds (not including Indian Health Service webpage on Content Details of Pub. L. 93-638 Compact funds) 
if your health center is dually funded as an 
IHS/HRSA-funded health center. Report Pub. L. 93-638 Compact funds on Line 6a, Indigent Care. 
• Include ARP funds drawn down from other HRSA bureaus (not HRSA’s BPHC or Ryan White Part C) or 
from other federal agencies. 
• DO NOT report supplemental awards received during the year here. Report these awards under the 330 grant, 
Lines 1a–1e. 


Promoting Interoperability Program (Line 3a) 

CMS provides incentives to eligible providers (as defined by CMS) for the adoption, implementation, upgrade, 
and demonstration of meaningful use of certified EHR technology (CEHRT) and interoperability and 
improvement of patient access to health information. 

• Report grants funded through CMS from the Promoting Interoperability Program (now known as “Medicare 
Promoting Interoperability Program”). 
• In rare cases, these payments go directly to the health center’s providers, but they are usually paid to the 
providers’ designee (generally, the health center). It is presumed that if the payment goes to the providers 
these funds will be turned over to the health center. Report them on this line even though the payment may 
come from the provider and not directly from CMS. This is an exception to the “last party” rule. In the event 
the provider retains some or all of these incentives as part of their compensation, report the total amount on 
this line and the amount retained by the provider on Table 8A, Line 1, as medical personnel compensation. 


Total Other Federal Grants (Line 5) 

Sum of Lines 2 + 3 + 3a. 


NON-FEDERAL GRANTS OR CONTRACTS 

State Government Grants and Contracts (Line 6) 

• Report cash received during the calendar year for any state government grants or contracts that are within the 
health center approved scope of project and for which the health center received the funds with no specific tie 
to services provided. Use the “specify” field to detail the names and amounts of state government grants and 
contracts. 
• This may include state government line-item budgets that support specific health center personnel positions or 
other costs. 
• DO NOT report receipts from state governments that pay based on the amount of health care services 
provided or on a negotiated fee-for-service or fee-per-visit. Report the charges, collections, and adjustments 
associated with patient services on Table 9D on the Other Public revenue lines. 


State/Local Indigent Care Programs (Line 6a) 

• Report the amount of funds received from state or local indigent care programs that are earmarked to 
subsidize services rendered to patients who are uninsured. Use the “specify” field to detail the names and 
amounts of state/local indigent care programs. 
• Include amounts allocated to the health center by tribes from their IHS Pub. L. 93-638 Compact funds. 
• DO NOT include revenue received under a contract with a tribal government for services provided to its 
members. Instead, report as Other Public with associated charges, collections, and adjustments on Table 9D. 
• Further guidance is available in Appendix B
. 


Local Government Grants and Contracts (Line 7) 

• Report cash received during the calendar year for any local government grants or contracts that are within the 
approved scope of project and for which there is no specific tie to patient services provided. Use the “specify” 
field to detail the names and amounts of local government grants and contracts. 
• This may include local government line-item budgets that support specific health center personnel positions 
or other costs. 
• DO NOT include revenue received from local governments that pay based on amount of health care services 
provided or on a negotiated fee-for-service or fee-per-visit basis. Report the charges, collections, and 
adjustments associated with patient services on Table 9D on the Other Public revenue lines. 
• DO NOT include funds from local indigent care programs here. Report these on Line 6a. 


Foundation/Private Grants and Contracts (Line 8) 

• Report the amount received from foundations or private organizations during the calendar year that covers 
costs included within the approved scope of project. Use the “specify” field to detail the names and amounts 
of foundation/private grants and contracts. 
• Include funds (including subaward funds) received directly from a primary care association (PCA), another 
health center, or another community service provider on this line, even when funds originate elsewhere. 


Total Non-Federal Grants and Contracts (Line 9) 

Sum of Lines 6 + 6a+ 7 +8. 


Other Revenue (Line 10) 

• Report other revenue receipts included in the federally approved scope of project that are unrelated to charge-
based services or to grants and contracts described above. Use the “specify” field to detail the names and 
amounts of other revenue. 
• Include fundraising, interest revenue, rent from tenants, patient health records fees, individual monetary 
donations, receipts from vending machines, and retail pharmacy sales to the public (i.e., non–health center 
patients). 
• Include receipts related to the gain on the sale of an asset. 
• DO NOT report: 

Circle Used as Bullet 
the value of in-kind or other non-monetary donations made to the health center. Report these only on 
Table 8A, Line 18. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
the proceeds of any loan received for operations, a mortgage, or other purposes. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
the value of loans forgiven by the lender. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
insurance proceeds related to a loss, unless the loss was recognized as an expense rather than a reduction 
in the value of an asset. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
the receipt or recognition of in-kind “community benefit” from a third party here or anywhere else on the 
UDS unless it is received as a cash donation. 
Circle Used as Bullet 
under any circumstances, payments or net payments from a pharmacy contracted to dispense 340B 
pharmaceuticals on this line (or anywhere on Table 9E). Report all revenue from pharmacy services 
provided to health center patients on Table 9D and record all expenses on Table 8A. 





Total Other Revenue (Line 11) 

Sum of Lines 1 + 5 + 9+ 10. 

FAQ FOR TABLE 9E 

1. We received maternal and child health services funds from the state that originated from the federal 
government. On which line do we report these funds? 

Use the “last party rule” to report on this table. In this instance, report these funds as state grants on Line 6, 
since the funds were provided to the health center by the state for maternal and child health services, even 
though these may include a mixture of funds originating from the federal government (such as Title V) and 
the state. 





2. We receive various Ryan White–related funds. How do we report these? 

This depends on which entity you received Ryan White funds from. Use the following to guide your 
reporting: 

• Report Ryan White Part A grants received from county or city governments on Line 7. If they are first 
sent to a third party, report the funds on Line 8. Report on Line 3 when the health center is a county or 
city government entity and the health center received the funds directly from the Ryan White Part A 
federal program. 
• Report Part B grants received from the state on Line 6. If the state funds are first sent to a county or city 
government, report on Line 7. If the funds are first sent to a non-government third party, report the funds 
on Line 8. 
• Report drawdowns received during the calendar year for Ryan White Part C on Line 2. 
• Report Part D grant funds received from the HIV/AIDS Bureau on Line 3. 
• Report Part F funds received from the HIV/AIDS Bureau on Line 3. 



3. Are there any important issues to keep in mind for this table? 

This table collects information on cash receipts for the calendar year that supported activities approved in the 
scope of project covered by any of the Health Center Program awards, the look-alike designation, or the BHW 
primary care clinics program. 

In the case of a grant: 

• Report the cash amount received during the calendar year. 
• DO NOT report the award amount (unless the full award was paid/drawn down during the year). 



4. How should we report indigent care funds? 

• Report patients who received care during the year covered by indigent care programs as Uninsured on 
Table 4. 
• Report all associated indigent care charges, patient collections, sliding fee discounts, and patient bad debt 
write-offs on the Self-Pay line (Line 13) on Table 9D. 
• Report payments received from state or local indigent care programs subsidizing services rendered to 
patients who are uninsured (including patients covered by a tribe’s Pub. L. 93-638 funds) on Table 9E, 
Line 6a, whether the actual payment from the program to the health center is made on a per-visit basis or 
as a lump sum for services rendered. 
• DO NOT report funds received by the indigent care program (reported on Table 9E, Line 6a) on Table 
9D, Line 13, as collections, sliding discounts, or bad debt. 






TABLE 9E: OTHER REVENUES 

Calendar Year: January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025 

Line Source 
Amount 
(a) 
HRSA’s BPHC Grants (Enter Amount Drawn Down—Consistent with FFR) 
1a Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural Workers 
1b Community Health Center 
1c Homeless Population 
1e Residents of Public Housing 
1g Total Health Center (Sum of Lines 1a through 1e) 
1k Capital Development Grants 
1o American Rescue Plan (ARP) (H8F, L2C, C8E) 
1p2 Other COVID-19-Related Funding from HRSA’s BPHC (specify 
(Enter the Other COVID-19-Related Funding from HRSA’s BPHC: specify) 
) 
1q Total COVID-19 Supplemental (Sum of Lines 1o + 1p2) 
1 Total HRSA’s BPHC Grants 
(Sum of Lines 1g + 1k + 1q) 
Other Federal Grants 
2 Ryan White Part C HIV Early Intervention 
3 Other Federal Grants (specify 
(Enter the Other Federal Grants: specify) 
) 
3a Promoting Interoperability Program 
5 Total Other Federal Grants 
(Sum of Lines 2 through 3a) 
Non-Federal Grants or Contracts 
6 State Government Grants and Contracts (specify
(Enter the State Government Grants and Contracts: specify) 
) 
6a State/Local Indigent Care Programs (specify
(Enter the State/Local Indigent Care Programs: specify) 
) 
7 Local Government Grants and Contracts (specify
(Enter the Local Government Grants and Contracts: specify) 
) 
8 Foundation/Private Grants and Contracts (specify
(Enter the Foundation/Private Grants and Contracts: specify) 
) 
9 Total Non-Federal Grants and Contracts 
(Sum of Lines 6 + 6a + 7 + 8) 
10 Other Revenue (non–patient service revenue not reported elsewhere) (specify 
(Enter the Other Revenue (non–patient service revenue not reported elsewhere): specify) 
) 
11 Total Revenue (Sum of Lines 1 + 5 + 9 + 10) 

Table 9E Cross-Table Considerations: 

• Pharmacy: Only retail, public pharmacy revenue for non–health center patients is reported on Table 9E, Line 
10, and the related cost is reported on Table 8A, Line 12. Follow the guidance for other pharmacy reporting 
situations as described in Appendix B
. 
• The revenue received from indigent care programs that subsidize services rendered to patients who are 
uninsured are reported on Table 9E, while the charges for these services are reported on Table 9D. Follow the 
detailed reporting requirements included inAppendix B 
to address the cross-table reporting. 



Appendix A: Listing of Personnel 

All line numbers in the following table refer to Table 5. NOT all services delivered by a “provider” count as 
visits. DO NOT count encounters with “non-providers” as countable visits. Use the Provider 
definitions to 
classify personnel as a “provider” or “non-provider.” 

Personnel by Major Service Category Provider Non Provider 
Physicians 
Family practitioners (Line 1) Cross mark
General practitioners (Line 2) Cross mark
Internists (Line 3) Cross mark
Obstetricians/Gynecologists (Line 4) Cross mark
Pediatricians (Line 5) Cross mark
Licensed medical residents—line determined by specialty Cross mark
Other Specialist Physicians (Line 7) 
Allergists Cross mark
Cardiologists Cross mark
Dermatologists Cross mark
Endocrinologists Cross mark
Orthopedists Cross mark
Surgeons Cross mark
Urologists Cross mark
Other specialists and sub-specialists Cross mark
Nurse Practitioners, Physician Assistants, and Certified Nurse Midwives 
Nurse practitioners (Line 9a) Cross mark
Nurse practitioner anesthetist (Line 9a) Cross mark
Physician assistants (Line 9b) Cross mark
Certified nurse midwives (Line 10) Cross mark
Nurses (Line 11) 
Clinical nurse specialists Cross mark
Home health nurses Cross mark
Nurse emergency medical services (EMS)/Nurse emergency medical technicians 
(EMT) 
Cross mark
Public health nurses Cross mark
Registered nurses (RNs) Cross mark
Visiting nurses Cross mark
Licensed practical nurses/Licensed vocational nurses Cross mark
Other Medical Personnel (Line 12) 
Clinic aides/medical assistants (certified and uncertified medical technologists) Cross mark
EMS/EMT personnel (not credentialed as a nurse) Cross mark
Nurse aides/assistants (certified and uncertified) Cross mark
Unlicensed interns and residents Cross mark
Laboratory Personnel (Line 13) 
Laboratory assistants Cross mark
Laboratory technicians Cross mark
Medical technologists Cross mark
Pathologists Cross mark
Phlebotomists Cross mark
X-Ray Personnel (Line 14) 
Radiologists Cross mark
Radiology assistants Cross mark
Ultrasound technicians Cross mark
X-ray technologists Cross mark



X-ray technicians Cross mark
Dentists (Line 16) 
Oral surgeons Cross mark
Orthodontists Cross mark
Periodontists Cross mark
Dental Hygienists (Line 17) 
Dental hygienists Cross mark
Dental Therapists (Line 17a) 
Dental therapists Cross mark
Other Dental Personnel (Line 18) 
Dental aides Cross mark
Dental assistants, advanced practice dental assistants Cross mark
Dental students (including hygienist students) Cross mark
Dental technicians Cross mark
Mental Health (Line 20) and Substance Use (Line 21) 
Psychiatrists (Line 20a) Cross mark
Psychologists (Line 20a1) Cross mark
Social workers—clinical (Line 20a2 or 21) Cross mark
Family therapists (Line 20b or 21) Cross mark
RN counselors (Line 20b or 21) Cross mark
Social workers—psychiatric (Line 20b or 21) Cross mark
Nurses—psychiatric and mental health (Line 20b) Cross mark
Psychiatric nurse practitioners (Line 20b) Cross mark
Unlicensed mental health providers, including trainees (interns or residents) and 
“certified” personnel (Line 20c) 
Cross mark
Alcohol and drug abuse counselors (Line 21) Cross mark
Peer recovery coaches and workers (Line 21) Cross mark
Unlicensed substance use disorder providers, including trainees (interns or 
residents) and “certified” personnel (Line 21) 
Cross mark
Other Professional Health Services Personnel (Line 22) 
Audiologists Cross mark
Acupuncturists Cross mark
Chiropractors Cross mark
Community or behavioral health aides/practitioners Cross mark
Herbalists Cross mark
Massage therapists Cross mark
Naturopaths Cross mark
Occupational therapists Cross mark
Orthotists Cross mark
Physical therapists Cross mark
Podiatrists Cross mark
Registered dietitians, including nutritionists/dietitians Cross mark
Respiratory therapists Cross mark
Speech therapists/pathologists Cross mark
Traditional healers Cross mark
Occupational therapy assistants Cross mark
Physical therapy assistants Cross mark
Vision Services Personnel 
Ophthalmologists (Line 22a) Cross mark
Optometrists (Line 22b) Cross mark
Ophthalmologist/optometric aides (Line 22c) Cross mark
Ophthalmologist/optometric assistants (Line 22c) Cross mark
Ophthalmologist/optometric technicians (Line 22c) Cross mark



Pharmacy Personnel 
Pharmacists (Line 23a) Cross mark
Clinical pharmacists (Line 23b) Cross mark
Pharmacy technicians (Line 23c) Cross mark
Pharmacist assistants (Line 23d) Cross mark
Pharmacy clerks (Line 23d) Cross mark
Case Managers (Line 24) 
Case managers Cross mark
Care/referral coordinators Cross mark
Patient advocates Cross mark
Home health nurses Cross mark
Licensed practical nurses/licensed vocational nurses Cross mark
Public health nurses Cross mark
Registered nurses Cross mark
Social workers Cross mark
Visiting nurses Cross mark
Health Education Specialists (Line 25) 
Family planning counselors Cross mark
Home health nurses Cross mark
Licensed practical nurses/licensed vocational nurses Cross mark
Patient health educators/specialists Cross mark
Public health nurses Cross mark
Registered nurses Cross mark
Social workers Cross mark
Visiting nurses Cross mark
Community and group educators/specialists Cross mark
Outreach Workers (Line 26) 
Outreach workers Cross mark
Transportation Workers (Line 27) 
Drivers, including mobile van drivers Cross mark
Patient transportation coordinators Cross mark
Eligibility Assistance Workers (Line 27a) 
Benefits assistance workers Cross mark
Certified assisters Cross mark
Eligibility workers Cross mark
Patient advocates Cross mark
Patient navigators Cross mark
Pharmacy assistance program (PAP) eligibility workers Cross mark
Registration clerks Cross mark
Interpretation Personnel (Line 27b) 
Interpreters Cross mark
Translators Cross mark
Community Health Workers (Line 27c) 
Community health workers Cross mark
Community health advisors or representatives Cross mark
Lay health advocates Cross mark
Peer health promoters/educators Cross mark
Promotoras Cross mark



Personnel Performing Other Enabling Services Activities (Line 28) 
Doula Cross mark
Other enabling services personnel Cross mark
Other Programs and Related Services Personnel (Line 29a) 
Adult day health care, frail elderly support personnel Cross mark
Child care workers Cross mark
Employment/educational counselors Cross mark
Exercise trainers/fitness center personnel Cross mark
Food bank/meal delivery workers Cross mark
Head Start workers Cross mark
Housing assistance workers Cross mark
WIC workers Cross mark
Quality Improvement Personnel (QI) (Line 29b) 
Quality assurance/quality improvement and health IT/EHR design and operation 
personnel 
Cross mark
QI nurses Cross mark
QI technicians Cross mark
QI data specialists Cross mark
Statisticians, analysts Cross mark
Management and Support Personnel (Line 30a) 
Administrators Cross mark
Chief executive officers/executive directors Cross mark
Chief financial officers/fiscal officers Cross mark
Chief information officers Cross mark
Chief medical officers Cross mark
Directors of marketing Cross mark
Directors of planning and evaluation Cross mark
Enrollment/service representatives Cross mark
Marketing representatives Cross mark
Personnel directors Cross mark
Prior authorization specialist Cross mark
Project directors Cross mark
Receptionists Cross mark
Secretaries/administrative assistants Cross mark
Fiscal and Billing Personnel (Line 30b) 
Accountants Cross mark
Bookkeepers Cross mark
Billing clerks Cross mark
Cashiers Cross mark
Data entry clerks Cross mark
Finance directors Cross mark
IT Personnel (Line 30c) 
Data entry clerks Cross mark
Directors of data processing Cross mark
Programmers Cross mark
IT help desk technicians Cross mark
Facility Personnel (Line 31) 
Equipment maintenance personnel Cross mark
Groundskeepers Cross mark
Housekeeping personnel Cross mark
Janitors/custodians Cross mark
Security guards Cross mark



Patient Services Support Personnel (Line 32) 
Appointments clerks Cross mark
Medical and dental appointment clerks Cross mark
Medical and dental patient health records clerks Cross mark
Medical and dental team clerks Cross mark
Medical and dental team secretaries Cross mark
Patient health records clerks Cross mark
Patient health records supervisors Cross mark
Patient health records technicians Cross mark
Patient health records transcriptionists Cross mark
Registration clerks Cross mark



Appendix B: Special Multi-Table Situations 

Several conditions require special consideration in the UDS because they affect multiple tables that must then be 
reconciled. This appendix presents some situations along with instructions on how to deal with them, including: 

• Contracted care that is paid for by the reporting health center 
• Services provided by a volunteer provider 
• Interns and residents 
• WIC 
• In-house pharmacy or dispensary services for health center patients 
• In-house pharmacy for community (i.e., for non-patients) 
• Contract pharmacies 
• Donated drugs
• Clinical dispensing of drugs 
• ADHC and PACE 
• Medi-Medi crossovers 
• Certain grant-supported clinical care programs 
• State or local indigent care programs 
• Workers’ compensation 
• Tricare, Trigon, and public employees’ insurance 
• School-based sites 
• CHIP 
• Carved-out services 
• Patients 
• Health IT/EHR personnel and costs 
• New start or New Access Point (NAP) 
• Relationship between personnel on Table 5 and costs on Table 8A 
• Relationship between insurance on Table 4 and revenue on Table 9D 
• Relationship between prenatal care on Table 6B and deliveries on Table 7 
• Relationship between race and ethnicity on Tables 3B and 7 



CONTRACTED CARE 

These are services provided on behalf of the health center by another entity via a formal written contract, voucher, 
or agreement, where the health center is accountable for paying and/or billing for the direct care provided via 
the agreement (generally a contract). 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 
Report providers (Column A) if the contract is for a portion of an FTE (e.g., one-day-a-week OB/GYN = 
0.20 FTE). 

Always report visits (Column B or B2), regardless of method of provider payment or location of service 
(health center’s service delivery site or contract provider’s office). Services provided by contractors and paid 
for by or billed through the health center must meet the UDS countable visit definition to be counted on 
Table 5. 

DO NOT report FTE if the contract is for a service (e.g., $X per visit or $55 per resource-based relative value 
unit [RBRVU]), rather than provider time. 

DO NOT report FTE or visits if the contracted provider directly bills a third-party payer for the service. 

6A 
Report diagnoses and/or services provided, as applicable, from the encounter form or equivalent form 
received from the contract provider. Include contracted tests or procedures on Table 6A only if the listed 
services provided to patients are paid for by the health center or if their results are returned to the health 
center (or contract) provider to evaluate and provide results to the patient. 
6B, 7 
If a contract provider provides any services that are subject to clinical quality measures (CQMs), collect and 
report all data from the contractor (e.g., last HbA1c from an endocrinologist, sealants placed from a dentist). 
8A 
Column A, Accrued Cost: Report the cost of a provider/service on the applicable line. 

DO NOT report a “co-payment” or a “nominal fee” received by the provider from the patient. Report only 
the sum of what the health center pays. 

Column B, Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services: The health center will generally use a lower facility 
and non-clinical support services allocation rate for off-site services. Include all facility and non-clinical 
support costs in the direct charge (Column A) if the provider is off-site. 

9D 
Column A, Charge: The health center’s UCR charge if on-site; use the contractor’s UCR charge if off-site. 

Column B, Collection: The amount received by the health center and contractor from first and third parties. 

Column D, Adjustment: The amount disallowed by a third party for the charge (if on Lines 1–12). 

Column E, Sliding Fee Discount: The amount written off for eligible patients per the health center’s fiscal 
policies (Line 13), if applicable. Calculate as UCR charge, minus amount collected from patients, minus 
amount owed by patients as their share of payment. DO NOT include payment by the health center here. 




SERVICES PROVIDED BY A VOLUNTEER PROVIDER 

Volunteers are not paid by the health center (although they may be paid by a third party) for services, which they 
provide on-site. This includes volunteer personnel (including AmeriCorps/HealthCorps, but not NHSC) who 
provide services on-or off-site on behalf of the health center. FTE can be included in the UDS Report when there 
is a basis for determining their hours. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 
Column A, FTE: Report FTE for services provided by volunteers on-site at the health center’s service 
delivery site. FTE must be calculated. Use hours volunteered as the numerator. Because volunteers DO NOT 
receive paid leave benefits, the denominator is the number of hours that comparable personnel spend 
performing their job. Reduce a full-time schedule of 2,080 hours (for example) by vacation, sick leave, 
holidays, and continuing education normally provided to personnel. As a rule of thumb, use hours worked 
divided by a number somewhere around 1,800. 

Column A, FTE: DO NOT report FTE for providers who provide services at their own offices. 

Column B, Clinic Visits, and Column B2, Virtual Visits: Count visits for services provided at a service 
delivery site in the health center’s scope of project and under its control. Include virtual visits when the 
volunteer provider is assigned to an approved service delivery location, providing services to health center 
patients, and documenting services in the health center’s health IT/EHR. 

6A Report diagnoses and/or services provided on-site or virtually. 
8A Column C, Line 18: Report the value of the time donated by volunteers on this line only. 
9D 
The charges for their services are treated the same as for paid personnel. 

DO NOT include charges for volunteer providers who are off-site when those services are outside the scope 
of project and/or the control of the health center. 



INTERNS AND RESIDENTS 

Health centers often use individuals who are in training, referred to variously as interns or residents depending on 
their field and their licensing. Medical residents are generally licensed practitioners, while medical interns are 
generally NOT licensed. Some mental health interns, as well as other providers, may be licensed practitioners 
who are training for a higher level of certification or licensing. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 
Column A: Report licensed interns and residents in the credentialing category they are pursuing. For 
example, count a family practice resident on Line 1 as a Family Physician. Depending on the arrangement, 
FTEs may be calculated like any other personnel (if they are being paid by the health center) or like a 
volunteer (if they are not being paid). See volunteer providers above. 

Columns B and B2: Report visits between a licensed resident or licensed intern and a patient as visits to that 
resident or intern. DO NOT credit the visits to the supervisor of the resident or intern, unless an intern is 
unlicensed and the supervisor is legally responsible for the visit. 

Report unlicensed medical interns or residents on Line 12 as Other Medical Personnel. Unlicensed interns or 
residents cannot count visits. 

8A 
If the intern or resident is paid by the health center or their cost is being paid through a contract that pays a 
third party for the interns or residents, report the cost in Column A on the appropriate line (e.g., Line 1 for 
medical, Line 5 for dental, Line 6 for mental health). 

If the health center is not paying an intern, resident, or third party, report the value of the donated time on 
Line 18. Be sure to describe the nature of the donation in the “specify” line on Table 8A. 




WOMEN, INFANTS, AND CHILDREN (WIC) 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
ZIP Code, 
3A, 3B, 4 
DO NOT report individuals whose only encounter with the health center is for WIC services (e.g., nutrition, 
health education, enabling services) and who receive no other services listed on Table 5 from providers 
outside of WIC. 
5 
Report FTE of personnel (Column A) on Line 29a. 

DO NOT report visits and patients (Columns B, B2, and C). 

8A 
Column A, Accrued Cost: Report the total net accrued cost of the program on Line 12 in Column A. 

Column B, Allocation of Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services: Since much of the non-clinical support 
services cost of the program will be included in the direct costs, it is presumed that overhead will be at a 
significantly lower rate. 

Do not include the value of WIC coupons as an accrued cost or donation. 

9D DO NOT report anything associated with the WIC program. 
9E 
Revenue for WIC programs, though originally federal, generally comes to health centers from the state, 
though some receive it from a lower-level intermediary. If the health center is receiving WIC funds from a 
state government, the grant/contract funds received go on Line 6. If the health center is receiving WIC funds 
from an intermediary, report the funds on Line 8. Specify the source of funds. 


IN-HOUSE PHARMACY OR DISPENSARY SERVICES FOR HEALTH CENTER PATIENTS 

Include only that part of the pharmacy that is paid by the health center and dispensed by in-house personnel (see 
below for other situations). 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 
Column A, FTE: Report pharmacy personnel according to their position on Lines 23a–23d. If they have only 
an incidental responsibility to provide assistance in enrolling patients in PAPs, include them on the 
corresponding pharmacy Line 23a–23d. Include clinical pharmacists on Line 23b even if they spend time 
outside of the pharmacy. Report personnel other than pharmacists who spend time with PAPs on Line 27a, 
Eligibility Assistance. 

Columns B and B2, Visits: The UDS does NOT count encounters with pharmacy personnel as visits, whether 
it is for filling prescriptions or associated education or other patient/provider support. This is true for clinical 
pharmacists with expanded clinical privileges, as well. DO NOT count the administration or dispensing of 
medications as visits. 

8A 
Line 8a, Column A, Other Pharmacy Direct (Accrued) Costs: Report all operating costs of the pharmacy, 
other than the cost of drugs, on Line 8a. Include salaries, benefits, pharmacy computers, and supplies. 

Line 8b, Column A, Pharmaceutical Direct (Accrued) Costs: Place the actual cost of drugs the health center 
pharmacy bought on Line 8b. Include the cost of vaccines, contraceptives, injectable antibiotics, and other 
drugs dispensed in the health center but NOT in a pharmacy on Line 8b. The value of donated drugs is not 
reported here. That amount is reported on Line 18 in Column C. 

Line 11e, Column A, Eligibility Assistance Direct (Accrued) Costs: Report on Line 11e the cost of personnel 
(full-time, part-time, or allocated time) helping patients become eligible for PAPs and the cost of all related 
supplies and equipment depreciation. 

Column B, Facility and Non-Clinical Support Services: Report all facility and non-clinical support services 
costs associated with pharmacy and pharmaceuticals (Lines 8a and 8b) in Column B on Line 8a. Column B 
is grayed out for Line 8b. Although there may be some facility and non-clinical support services costs 
associated with the actual purchase of the drugs, these costs are generally minimal when compared to the 
total cost of the drugs. 

Column C, Line 18: Report the value of donated drugs, including vaccines (generally calculated at 340B 
rates) and test kits, on this line only. Include vaccines provided to the health center by the state for 
immunization programs. 

9D 
Column A: Charge is the health center’s full retail charge (generally larger than 340B rates) for dispensed 
drugs. 

Column B: Collection is the amount received from patients and/or other third parties/insurance companies. 

Column D: Adjustment is the amount a third party disallows for the charge (if on Lines 1–12). 

Column E: Sliding fee discount is the amount written off for eligible patients per health center policies (on 
Line 13). Calculate as retail charge, minus amount collected (if any) from patients or third-party payers, 
minus amount owed by patients (if any), as their share of payment. 

9E 
DO NOT report the value of donated drugs on this table; report on Table 8A, Line 18 (see Donated Drugs, Including Vaccines 
). The charges for drugs dispensed to patients go on Table 9D, NOT on Table 9E. 


IN-HOUSE PHARMACY FOR COMMUNITY (I.E., FOR NON-PATIENTS) 

Many health centers that own licensed pharmacies also provide services to members of the community at large 
who are not health center patients. Careful records must be maintained at these pharmacies to ensure that non-
patients DO NOT receive drugs purchased under section 340B provisions. Some of these pharmacies are totally in 
scope, while others have their “public” portion out of scope. If the public aspect is out of scope, DO NOT report 
its activities on the UDS. If it is in scope, treat the public portion as an “other activity,” as follows: 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
ZIP Code, 
3A, 3B, 4 
DO NOT include in the patient profile tables community members (non-patients) provided pharmaceuticals. 
5 
Column A, FTE: Allocate and report a portion of personnel who serve the public on Line 29a: Other 
Programs and Services. 
8A 
Line 12: Other Program-Related Services: Report all related personnel and pharmacy costs, including cost of 
pharmaceuticals. 
9E 
Line 10, Other Revenue: Report all revenue from public pharmacy and specify from “Public access 
pharmacy.” 

CONTRACT PHARMACY DISPENSING TO HEALTH CENTER PATIENTS, GENERALLY USING 340B 
PURCHASED DRUGS 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 DO NOT report personnel, visits, or patients for pharmacy dispensing. 
8A 
Report the amount the pharmacy charges for managing dispensing of drugs on Line 8a. 

Report the full amount paid for pharmaceuticals, either directly by the clinic or indirectly by the pharmacy, 
on Line 8b. 

If the pharmacy buys prepackaged drugs and there is no reasonable way to separate the pharmaceutical costs 
from the dispensing/administrative costs, report all costs on Line 8b. Associated non-clinical support services 
(overhead) costs will go on Line 8a in Column B, even if Line 8a Column A is blank. 

Report payments to pharmacy benefit managers on Line 8a. 

Share of profits and other fees: Some pharmacies engage in fee splitting and keep a share of profit. Report 
this as a payment to the pharmacy on Line 8a. 

9D Column A, Charge: Report the health center/contract pharmacy’s full retail charge for the drugs dispensed. If 
retail is unknown, ask the pharmacy for retail prices for the drugs dispensed. 

Column B, Collection: Report the amount received by the contract pharmacy from patients or insurance 
companies. Health centers must collect this information from the contract pharmacy. (Note: Most health 
centers DO NOT have this sort of arrangement for Medicaid patients, unless explicitly stated.) 

Column D, Adjustment: Report the amount disallowed by a third party for the charge (if on Lines 1–12). 

Column E, Sliding Fee Discount: Report the amount written off for eligible patients per health center policies 
(Line 13). Calculate as retail charge (or pharmacy charge), minus amount collected (by pharmacy or health 
center) from patients, minus amount owed by patients as their share of payment. 

9E 
DO NOT report pharmacy revenue on Table 9E, and DO NOT use Table 9E to report net revenue from the 
pharmacy. Report actual gross revenue on Table 9D. 


DONATED DRUGS, INCLUDING VACCINES 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
8A 
If the drugs are donated to the health center and then dispensed to patients, report their value (generally 
calculated at 340B rates) on Line 18, Column C. 

If the drugs are donated directly to the patient, the health center is not required to report the value of the 
drugs; however, it is preferred that the value be included for a better understanding of the program. 

9D 
If the health center charges patients a dispensing fee, report only this amount and its collection and/or write-
off. 
9E 
DO NOT report any amount, even though generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) might suggest 
another treatment for the value. 

CLINICAL DISPENSING OF DRUGS 

Clinic areas of health centers dispense many pharmaceuticals, including vaccines, allergy shots, contraceptives, 
and MOUD. This may be a service associated with the visit or, in the case of vaccinations, a community service. 
These services DO NOT count as a visit, but charging patients for them is appropriate unless the clinic received 
the drugs for free. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
3A, 3B, 4 
DO NOT report the individuals receiving drugs as patients if this is the only service they received during the 
year. 
5 DO NOT report these services as visits. 
6A 
DO NOT report these services on Table 6A if no countable visit services were provided during the year to the 
individual. If a health center patient who had a countable visit during the year received a drug specified on 
the table, report the services the patient received on this table. 
8A 
Report drug costs on Line 8b, Pharmaceuticals (not on Line 3, Other Medical Costs). In the case of vaccines 
obtained at no cost through Vaccines for Children, HRSA (for COVID-19 vaccines, test kits, and supplies), 
or other state or local programs, report the value on Line 18, Donated Services and Supplies. 
9D 
Report full charges, collections, adjustments, and discounts, as appropriate. It is not appropriate to charge for 
a pharmaceutical that has been donated. However, an administration and/or dispensing fee is appropriate. 
Note that Medicare has separate flu vaccine rules. 
9E DO NOT report any amount. 


ADHC AND PACE 

Medicare, Medicaid, and certain other third-party payers often recognize ADHC programs. They involve caring 
for an infirm, frail, or elderly patient during the day to permit family members to work, to avoid 
institutionalization, and to preserve the health of the patient. They are quite expensive and may involve 
extraordinary per member per month (PMPM) capitation payments, but are cost effective compared to 
institutionalization. Patients who have both Medicare and Medicaid coverage are treated as Medi-Medi, as 
described below. PACE is even more expansive and may include ADHC services as well as services to support 
independence for the elderly. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
3A, 3B, 4 
Report the individuals seen during the year in ADHC and PACE programs as patients if one or more of their 
encounters are countable visits. 
5 
When a medical or mental health provider does a formal, separately billable examination of a patient at the 
ADHC/PACE facility, treat it as any other medical visit. 

DO NOT count the nursing, observation, monitoring, and dispensing of medication services that are bundled 
together to form an ADHC service as a visit for the purposes of reporting. Personnel are included on Line 
29a, Other Programs and Services. 

6A, 6B, 7 
Report the clinical activity provided to patients at ADHC and PACE facilities, as appropriate, on the clinical 
tables. 
8A 
If the health center provides and bills medical services separately from the ADHC charge, report the 
associated costs on Lines 1–3, pharmacy costs on Lines 8a–8b, and all other costs on Line 12. 
Similarly, include PACE costs for medical on Lines 1–3, pharmacy costs on Lines 8a–8b, and all other costs 
on Line 12. 
9D 
Report ADHC charges and collections on this table, generally as Medicaid and/or Medicare. Because of 
FQHC procedures, it is possible that there will also be significant positive or negative adjustments. In 
addition, see Medi-Medi, below. 

MEDI-MEDI/DUALLY ELIGIBLE 

Some individuals are eligible for and enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid (commonly referred to as Medi-
Medi or dually eligible). In this case, Medicare is primary and billed first. After Medicare pays its (usually 
FQHC-associated Z code or geographic-rate-adjusted) fee, the remainder is billed to Medicaid, which pays an 
amount based on policy that varies from state to state. In some states, the bill flows automatically from Medicare 
to Medicaid. In others, the bill is paid by Medicare with some portion denied, and then the service is rebilled to 
Medicaid as a secondary payer. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Report patients on Line 9, Medicare. 

DO NOT report as Medicaid. In addition, report these patients on Line 9a, Dually Eligible (Medicare and 
Medicaid); this line is a subset of the total reported on Line 9, Medicare. 

9D 
While the entire charge first shows as a Medicare charge, after Medicare makes its payment, the remaining 
allowable amount is reclassified to Medicaid. Report the payment received from Medicaid on Line 1 in 
Column B. Report the difference between the charge and the collection as a positive or negative adjustment, 
depending on the amount. The health center must ensure that the charge is reclassified from Medicare to 
Medicaid. If your system does not reallocate the charge automatically, it should be done manually. 


CERTAIN GRANT-SUPPORTED CLINICAL CARE PROGRAMS 

Some programs pay providers on a fee-for-service or fee-per-visit basis under a contract, which may or may not 
also have a cap on total payments per grant period (usually the state fiscal year). They cover a very narrow range 
of services. Breast and cervical cancer early detection and voluntary family planning programs are the most 
common, but there are others. 

These are fee-for-service or fee-per-visit programs only. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
These programs are NOT insurance. They pay for a service, but health centers must classify patients 
according to their primary health insurance carrier. Most of these programs DO NOT serve insured patients, 
so most of the patients would be reported on Line 7 as uninsured. 
9D 
Although the patient is likely uninsured, there is an “Other Public” payer for the service. Report the health 
center’s usual and customary charge for the service (NOT the negotiated fee paid by the public entity) on 
Line 7 in Column A and the payment in Column B. Because the payment will almost always be different 
from the charge, report the difference as an adjustment in Column D. 
9E 
DO NOT report the grant or contract covering the fee-for-service or fee-per-visit amount on Table 9E. Fully 
account for this on Table 9D. 

STATE OR LOCAL INDIGENT CARE PROGRAMS 

These pay for a wide range of clinical services through a state or local government grant earmarked for uninsured 
patients, generally those under an income limit. Most of these programs set payment caps and often make 
payments in a different fiscal year than that in which the patient received the service. IHS Pub. L. 93-638 
Compact funds are included. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
While patients may need to meet eligibility criteria, these programs are NOT public insurance. Count patients 
receiving care through these programs on Line 7 as uninsured, unless they have some form of primary 
medical insurance. 
9D 
The health center’s usual charges for each service are charged directly to patients (reported on Line 13, 
Column A). If patients pay any co-payment, report it in Column B. If they are responsible for a co-payment 
but DO NOT pay it, it remains a receivable until it is collected or is written off as bad debt in Column F. 
Report the portion of the charge not covered by the indigent care program or the patient’s responsibility as a 
sliding fee discount in Column E. 
9E 
Report the total amount received during the calendar year from the state or local indigent care program or 
IHS Pub. L. 93-638 Compact fund on Line 6a and specify the source. 

WORKERS’ COMPENSATION 

Workers’ compensation is a form of liability insurance for employers and NOT health insurance for employees. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
If workers’ compensation covers a patient’s bills, the patient usually has related insurance. Report that on 
Table 4 (even if the health center is not billing the insurance). Patients with work-related insurance go on 
Line 11 (Private). Those without any health insurance go on Line 7 (Uninsured). 
9D 
Report charges, collections, and adjustments for workers’ compensation-covered services on Line 10 (Private 
Non-Managed Care). 


TRICARE, TRIGON, AND PUBLIC EMPLOYEES’ INSURANCE 

Many government employees have insurance. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Report them on Line 11 (Private), NOT on Line 10a. 
Note: Coverage directly through the Department of Veterans Affairs is a form of “Other Public” payment, 
NOT a form of medical insurance. Identify if the patient has primary medical insurance. 
9D Report charges, collections, and adjustments on Lines 10–12 (Private), NOT on Lines 7–9. 

SCHOOL-BASED SITES 

Some health centers have included schools in their scope of project a service delivery site where they provide 
services to patients. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Lines 1–6, Income: Obtain information on income from patients. In schools, income should be that of the 
parent(s) or caregiver(s), or report as “Unknown.” In the limited case of minor consent services, patients 
should be reported as below poverty. In the workplace, income is the patient’s family/household income or, if 
not known, “Unknown” (Line 5). 

Lines 7–12, Insurance: Record the form of medical insurance the patient has, regardless of the health center’s 
ability to bill that source. (Medicaid often covers children in school-based service sites who may have 
another provider. Report these children as Medicaid patients.) The school district is not an insurer. Except for 
confidential minor consent services, it is not acceptable to assume that a student is uninsured. 

5 
Report all visits as appropriate. 

DO NOT reduce or reclassify personnel FTEs for travel time to and from contract sites. 

8A 
Costs will generally be considered medical (Lines 1–3) unless other services (dental, mental health, substance 
use disorder, other professional, vision, case management, or patient health education) are being provided. 

DO NOT report on Line 12: Other Related Services. 

9D 
Unless the health center charges a visit to a third party such as Medicaid, report the health center’s usual and 
customary charges on Line 9, Column A (Other Public) if a government entity or Line 10, Column A 
(Private) if privately run. Report the amount paid by the contract (school district) in Column B. Report the 
difference (positive or negative) in Column D (Adjustments). 
9E DO NOT report contract revenue on Table 9E. 


THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (CHIP) 

CHIP provides health coverage to eligible children through Medicaid and/or separate CHIP programs. CHIP is 
administered by states, according to federal requirements. The program is funded jointly by states and the federal 
government. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Medicaid: If Medicaid handles CHIP and the enrolled patients are identifiable, report them on Line 8b. If it is 
not possible to differentiate CHIP administered through Medicaid from regular Medicaid, report the enrolled 
patients on Line 8a with other Medicaid patients. 

Non-Medicaid: Report CHIP-enrolled patients in states that DO NOT use Medicaid as “Other Public CHIP” 
on Line 10b. 

DO NOT report the enrollees on Line 11 (Private) even if a private insurance plan administers the program. 

9D 
Medicaid: Report on Lines 1–3, as appropriate. 

Non-Medicaid: Report on Lines 7–9 (Other Public), as appropriate. 

DO NOT report on Lines 10–12 (Private), even if a private insurance company administers the program. 



CARVE-OUTS 

Relevant to capitated managed care only: The health center has a capitated contract with an HMO that 
stipulates one set of CPT codes that will be covered by the capitation fee, regardless of service frequency, and 
another set of codes (or all other codes) that will be paid for by the HMO on a fee-for-service basis (the carve-
outs) when appropriate. Most common carve-outs involve mental health, lab, radiology, and pharmacy, but may 
include specific specialty care or diagnoses (e.g., perinatal care or HIV). 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Patient Member Months: Member months are reported on Line 13a in the appropriate column, regardless of 
whether the patient made use of services in any or all of those months. DO NOT report on Line 13b (fee-forservice 
managed care member months) for the carved-out services, regardless of payments received. 
9D 
Lines 2a/b, 5a/b, 8a/b, 11a/b: Report covered charges and related capitation payments on the “a” lines and 
carve-out charges and payments on the “b” lines. Report wraparound payments on both lines using the health 
center’s allocation process. 


PATIENTS SERVED IN A CARCERAL FACILITY 

Some health centers contract with carceral facilities to provide health services to justice-involved individuals, 
including transitional health care services to individuals expected to be released from a carceral facility within 90 
days of their entry into a carceral facility and those in pre-trial detention. Only include services in this setting if in 
the health center’s approved scope of project. Refer to Policy Information Notice 2024-05 pdf
for policy guidance to support transitions in 
care for justice-involved individuals reentering the community. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
4 
Assume justice-involved individuals’ income is at or below 100% FPG (Line 1). 

Unless the institution has arranged for Medicaid enrollment, assume that justice-involved individuals are 
uninsured. 

9D 
Report the health center’s usual and customary charges for the service in Column A and the payments in 
Column B. Because the payment will almost always be different from the charge, report the difference as an 
adjustment in Column D. 

Assuming the carceral facility is billed for the patient’s services, report on Line 7 (Other Public). 

9E 
DO NOT report the grant, memorandum of understanding, or contract with the carceral facility on Table 9E. 
Report revenue fully on Table 9D. 

HEALTH IT/EHR PERSONNEL AND COSTS 

Health IT, including EHR systems (which may be part of an integrated PMS), record clinical activities and help 
providers manage and integrate patient services. Aspects of the health IT/EHR count in multiple service 
categories, depending on the function and use. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
5 
Include personnel who document services in the health IT/EHR, perform data entry, training, and technical 
assistance functions in the appropriate service category for which they perform these functions (e.g., scribes). 
DO NOT report as IT personnel or QI personnel. 

Report personnel members dedicating some or all of their time to design, operation, and oversight of QI 
systems; data specialists; statisticians; and health IT/EHR or medical form designers as QI personnel on Line 
29b. 

Report personnel managing the hardware and software of a practice management billing and collection 
system as non-clinical support personnel under IT, Line 30c. 

8A 
Report costs for personnel who document services in the health IT/EHR or perform data entry, training, and 
technical assistance functions in the appropriate service category for which they perform these functions, 
NOT as IT personnel or QI personnel. 

Report costs associated with licenses, depreciation of the hardware and software, software support services, 
and annual fees for other aspects of the health IT/EHR on Line 3 (Other Medical). If the health IT/EHR 
covers dental and/or mental health, then appropriately allocate some of the costs to those lines as well. 

Report costs for personnel noted above as being included in QI on Line 12a. 

Report costs for personnel managing the hardware and software of a practice management billing and 
collection system as non-clinical support on Line 15. 




NEW START OR NEW ACCESS POINT (NAP) 

Health center grants or designations awarded for the first time (new start) may be added prior to October 1 during 
the calendar year. New starts must submit data for the full calendar year (covering January 1 to December 31). 
Health center service delivery sites may be added in scope of project at any point during the calendar year through 
a change in scope (CIS) request or a NAP award. Active, existing health centers are required to submit data for in-
scope activities based on the CIS approval date and/or NAP site implementation date. 

Tables 
Affected 
Treatment 
Patients 
by ZIP 
Code, 3A, 
3B, 4 
It is understood that a health center may have never collected some of the data required to be reported in the 
UDS prior to the start of Notice of Award, such as veteran status or member months in managed care. 
Provide the best data available, but for the first year only, you may have some unusual numbers. Work with 
your UDS Reviewer to explain apparent data inconsistencies. 
6B, 7 
If the added service delivery site or health center will transition to a new health IT/EHR during the calendar 
year, gather the information for the year across the two systems and analyze them in a separate database to 
remove any duplication in the data. 

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PERSONNEL ON TABLE 5 AND COSTS ON TABLE 8A 

Personnel classifications should be consistent with cost classifications. The chart below illustrates the relationship 
between the two tables. The personnel on Table 5 are routinely compared to the costs on Table 8A during the 
review and analysis process. If there is a reason why such a comparison would look unusual (e.g., volunteers on 
Table 5 result in no cost on Table 8A or contractor costs on Table 8A with no corresponding FTEs on Table 5), 
include an explanation on Table 8A. Note that the cost categories on Table 8A are not in the same sequential 
order as the personnel categories on Table 5. 

FTEs Reported on Table 5, Line: Have Costs Reported on Table 8A, Line: 
1–12: Medical Personnel 1: Medical Personnel 
13–14: Medical Lab and X-ray 2: Medical Lab and X-ray 
16–18: Dental 5: Dental 
20a–20c: Mental Health 6: Mental Health 
21: Substance Use Disorder 7: Substance Use Disorder 
22: Other Professional 9: Other Professional 
22a–22c: Vision 9a: Vision 
23a–23d: Pharmacy 8a: Pharmacy 
24–28: Enabling 11a–11h: Enabling 
24: Case Managers 11a: Case Management 
25: Health Education Specialists 11d: Health Education 
26: Outreach Workers 11c: Outreach 
27: Transportation Personnel 11b: Transportation 
27a: Eligibility Assistance Workers 11e: Eligibility Assistance 
27b: Interpretation Personnel 11f: Interpretation Services 
27c: Community Health Workers 11h: Community Health Workers 
28: Other Enabling Services 11g: Other Enabling Services 
29a: Other Programs and Services 12: Other Program-Related Services 
29b: Quality Improvement Personnel 12a: Quality Improvement 
30a–30c and 32: Non-Clinical Support Services 15: Non-Clinical Support Services 
31: Facility Personnel 14: Facility 


RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN INSURANCE ON TABLE 4 AND REVENUE ON TABLE 9D 

Revenue sources are generally aligned with patient insurance. The chart below illustrates the relationship between 
the two tables. The insurance on Table 4 (primary medical insurance as of the last visit) is routinely compared to 
the revenue on Table 9D (insurance payer at the time of each visit) during the review and analysis process. If 
there is a reason why such a comparison would look unusual (e.g., a large change in insurance coverage), include 
an explanation on Table 9D. 

Primary Third-Party Medical Insurance on Table 4, Line: Have Revenue Reported on Table 9D, Line: 
7: Uninsured—No medical insurance at last visit (includes patients 
whose service is reimbursed through grant, contract, or indigent 
care funds) 
13: Self-Pay—Include co-pays and deductibles, 
state and local indigent care programs (DO NOT 
include revenues from programs with limited 
benefits; See Other Public, Lines 7–9) 
8a and 8b: Medicaid and Medicaid CHIP (includes Medicaid 
managed care plans and all forms of state-expanded Medicaid) 
1–3: Medicaid (includes Medicaid expansion) 
9: Medicare (includes Medicare Advantage) 4–6: Medicare 
9a: Dually eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) 4–6: Medicare, initially, with balance reallocated to 
Medicaid 
10a: Other Public non-CHIP—State and local government insurance 
that covers primary care 
7–9: Other Public—Include patient service revenue 
from programs with limited benefits, such as 
voluntary family planning (Title X), EPSDT, and 
BCCEDP 
10b: Other Public CHIP (private carrier outside Medicaid) 7–9: Other Public 
11: Private—Commercial insurance, including insurance purchased 
from state or federal exchanges (DO NOT include workers’ 
compensation coverage as health insurance—it is a liability 
insurance) 
10–12: Private—Charges and collections from 
contracts with private (commercial) carriers, 
private schools, Head Start, workers’ 
compensation, and state and federal exchanges 
13a: Capitated managed care enrollees “a” lines 
13b: Fee-for-service managed care enrollees “b” lines 

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PRENATAL CARE ON TABLE 6B AND DELIVERIES ON TABLE 7 

The chart below illustrates the relationship and accounting of prenatal care patients and the birth outcomes to be 
reported on Tables 6B and 7. A “Yes” indicates that the information is to be reported in the specified table and 
section; “No” indicates the information is NOT to be reported. Because prenatal care and delivery may occur 
during different calendar years, it would be unusual for the count of prenatal care patients to equal the birth 
outcomes. The prenatal care patients on Table 6B are routinely compared to the deliveries and birth outcomes on 
Table 7 during the review and analysis process. If there is a reason why such a comparison would look unusual, 
include an explanation on the appropriate table. 

Prenatal Care Patient and Birth 
Outcome Scenarios 
Table 6B, Lines 1–9 
(Age and Trimester of 
Entry) 
Table 7, Column 1a 
(Patients who 
Delivered) 
Table 7, Columns 1b–1d 
(Birth Outcomes—report 
each baby separately) 
Patients still in prenatal care Yes No No 
Patients known to have delivered, 
with known birth outcomes 
Yes Yes Yes 
Patients known to have delivered, 
but birth outcomes unknown 
Yes Yes No 
Patients who miscarried Yes No No 
Patients with a stillbirth outcome Yes Yes No 
Patients lost to follow-up, birth 
outcomes unknown 
Yes No No 


Note: Health centers are expected to collect and report on birth outcomes of prenatal care patients. In situations 
where this information cannot be obtained, do not report an estimate. 

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN RACE AND ETHNICITY ON TABLES 3B AND 7 

The patient population for each CQM on Table 7 is defined in terms of race and ethnicity, and comparisons are 
made to the race and ethnicity numbers reported on Table 3B. The following table illustrates the crosswalk 
between the comparable fields across the two tables. 

Race Ethnicity Table 3B Reference Table 7 Reference 
Asian Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1, Column A1–A5 Line 1a 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1, Column B Line 2a 
Asian Indian Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1a, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a1m, 1a1p, 
1a1c, 1a1a, or 1a1o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1a, Column B Line 2a1 
Chinese Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1b, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a2m, 1a2p, 
1a2c, 1a2a, or 1a2o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1b, Column B Line 2a2 
Filipino Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1c, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a3m, 1a3p, 
1a3c, 1a3a, or 1a3o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1c, Column B Line 2a3 
Japanese Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1d, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a4m, 1a4p, 
1a4c, 1a4a, or 1a4o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1d, Column B Line 2a4 
Korean Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1e, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a5m, 1a5p, 
1a5c, 1a5a, or 1a5o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1e, Column B Line 2a5 
Vietnamese Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1f, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a6m, 1a6p, 
1a6c, 1a6a, or 1a6o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1f, Column B Line 2a6 
Other Asian Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1g, Column A1–A5 
Line 1a7m, 1a7p, 
1a7c, 1a7a, or 1a7o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 1g, Column B Line 2a7 
Native Hawaiian Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2a, Column A1–A5 
Line 1b1m, 1b1p, 
1b1c, 1b1a, or 1b1o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2a, Column B Line 2b1 
Other Pacific Islander Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2b, Column A1–A5 
Line 1b2m, 1b2p, 
1b2c, 1b2a, or 1b2o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2b, Column B Line 2b2 
Guamanian or 
Chamorro 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2c, Column A1–A5 
Line 1b3m, 1b3p, 
1b3c, 1b3a, or 1b3o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2c, Column B Line 2b3 
Samoan Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2d, Column A1–A5 
Line 1b4m, 1b4p, 
1b4c, 1b4a, 1b4o 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 2d, Column B Line 2b4 
Black or African 
American 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 3, Column A1–A5 
Line 1cm, 1cp, 1cc, 
1ca, or 1co 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 3, Column B Line 2c 
American 
Indian/Alaska Native 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 4, Column A1–A5 
Line 1dm, 1dp, 1dc, 
1da, or 1do 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 4, Column B Line 2d 


White Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 5, Column A1–A5 
Line 1em, 1ep, 1ec, 
1ea, or 1eo 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Line 5, Column B Line 2e 
More than One Race Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 6, Column A1–A5 
Line 1fm, 1fp, 1fc, 
1fa, or 1fo 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 6, Column B Line 2f 
Unreported/Chose 
Not to Disclose Race 
Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 7, Column A1–A5 
Line 1gm, 1gp, 1gc, 
1ga, or 1go 
Not Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish Origin Line 7, Column B Line 2g 
Unreported/Chose 
Not to Disclose Race 
Unreported/Chose Not to Disclose Ethnicity Line 7, Column C Line h 


Appendix C: Reduced Number of Records Reviewed for 
Clinical Quality Measure Reporting 

Data from health centers’ electronic health record (EHR) systems are increasingly being used to report on the full 
denominator of patients whose characteristics fulfill UDS clinical quality measure (CQM) specifications. The 
option of using a patient health record sampling method (i.e., a scientifically drawn random sample of 70 patient 
health records) for reporting CQMs on Tables 6B and 7 is not available for UDS reporting. Using EHR data to 
report UDS CQMs among all patients for which each CQM applies allows for a more complete understanding of 
health centers’ clinical quality performance and patient health status. 

For each measure discussed on Tables 6B and 7 (except the perinatal measures), health centers have the option of 
reporting on their entire patient population as the Number of Records Reviewed (Column B) or a reduced 
denominator consisting of a minimum of 80% of all eligible patients, as defined by the measure steward for each 
CQM, drawn from all service delivery sites and grant funds. While the review of a reduced number of records is 
permitted, a full EHR or health information technology (health IT) system reporting is preferred. Although a 
reduced Number of Records Reviewed (Column B) is permitted, health centers must still report on the total 
patients to be assessed for the measure (denominator, Column A) using their EHR or health IT system. 

Note: Data source must cover the measurement period (e.g., 5 years for Pap tests, 2 years for immunizations) and 
include information to assess meeting the numerator criteria with the CQM and to evaluate exclusions. 

A reduced denominator generally provides the ability to facilitate accurate reporting if all conditions of individual 
CQM requirements are met. You may only report a reduced denominator (Number of Records Reviewed, Table 
6B, Column B and Table 7, Columns 2b and 3b) if the factors that required its use are unrelated to the measure 
variables outlined in measure-specific reporting requirements on Tables 6B and 7. 

If you DO NOT have an EHR or health IT system in place or are unable to report results for a minimum of 80% 
of all patients eligible for the CQM from all service delivery sites, please contact the UDS Support Center to 
discuss reporting options. 


Appendix D: Health Center Health Information Technology 
(Health IT) Capabilities 

INTRODUCTION 

The Health IT Capabilities Form collects information through a series of questions on the health center’s health IT 
capabilities, including EHR interoperability and eligibility for CMS Promoting Interoperability Program. The 
Health IT Capabilities Form must be completed and submitted as part of the UDS submission. The form includes 
questions about the health center’s implementation of an EHR, certification of systems, and how widely adopted 
the system is throughout the health center and its providers. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this form. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

QUESTIONS 

The following questions appear in the EHBs. Complete them before you file the UDS Report. Reporting 
requirements for the health IT questions are on-screen in the EHBs as you complete the form. Respond to each 
question based on your health center status as of December 31, 2025. 

1. Does your health center currently have an electronic health record (EHR) system installed and in use, at a 
minimum, for medical care, by December 31? 

a. Yes, 
installed at 
all service delivery 
sites and used by 
all providers 

• For the purposes of this response, “providers” mean all fully trained medical providers, 
including physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and certified nurse midwives. 
• Although some or all of the dental, mental health, or other providers may also be using the 
system, as may medical support personnel, this is not required to choose response (a). 
• For the purposes of this response, “all service delivery sites” means all permanent service 
delivery sites where medical providers serve health center medical patients on a regular basis. 
• It DOES NOT include administrative-only locations, hospitals or nursing homes, mobile vans, 
or sites used on a seasonal or temporary basis. 
• You may check this option if a few newly hired, untrained personnel are the only ones not 
using the system. 



b. Yes, but only 
installed at 
some service 
delivery sites or 
used by 
some providers 

• Select option (b) if one or more permanent service delivery sites did NOT have the EHR 
installed or in use (even if this is planned), or if one or more fully trained medical providers 
(as defined on above in [a]) do not yet use the system. 
• When determining if all providers have access to the system, the health center should also 
consider part-time and locum providers who serve clinic patients. 
• DO NOT select this option if the only medical providers who did not have access were those 
who were newly hired and still being trained on the system. 



c. No 

• Select “no” if no EHR was in use on December 31, even if you had the system installed and 
training had started. 
• If the health center purchased an EHR but has not yet put it into use, answer “no.” 






If response is “c. No,” skip to Question 11. If response is “a” or “b,” continue to next question. 

If more than one medical EHR is used, answer “Yes,” to Question 1 and select “a” if they are used at all service 
delivery sites and used by all providers or select “b” if they are used at some service delivery sites or used by 
some providers. 

If “Yes, but only installed at some service delivery sites or used by some providers” is selected, a box expands for 
health centers to identify how many service delivery sites have the EHR in use and how many (medical) providers 
are using it. Please enter the number of service delivery sites (as defined under question 1) where the EHR is in 
use and the number of providers who use the system (at all service delivery sites). Include part-time and locum 
medical providers who serve clinic patients. Count a provider who has separate login identities at more than one 
service delivery site as just one provider. 

This next set of questions seeks to determine whether the health center installed an EHR by December 31 and, if 
so, which product was in use, how broad system access was, and what features were available and in use. DO 
NOT include PMS or other billing systems, even though they can often produce much of the UDS data. 

If a system is in use (i.e., if [a] or [b] has been selected), indicate whether it has been certified by the Assistant 
Secretary for Technology Policy (ASTP)/Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services webpage on Content Details of Office of the National Coordinator (ONC)—Authorized Testing and Certification Bodies
. 

Note: ASTP/ONC has mandated new regulations under the Base EHR Definition as part of the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy webpage on Content Details of Health Data, Technology, and Interoperability (HTI-1) final rule
, which specifically adds the Decision Support Interventions 
(DSI) certification criterion (45 CFR 170.315(b)(11)) and mandates all certified EHR technologies (CEHRT) 
comply by January 1, 2025. 

1a. Is your system certified by the Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy (ASTP)/Office of the National 
Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) Health IT Certification Program? 

a. Yes 
b. No 


Health centers are to indicate the vendor, product name, version number, and ASTP-/ONC-certified health 
IT product list number. This information is available on the Certified Health IT Product List webpage
. 
Select the most current version number being used. If you have more than one EHR (if, for example, you 
acquired another practice with its own EHR), report the EHR that will be the successor system or the EHR 
used for capturing primary medical care. 

1a1. Vendor 
1a2. Product Name 
1a3. Version Number 
1a4. ASTP-/ONC-certified Health IT Product List Number 


Note: The CHPL Number is a standardized number that reflects your certified product and version. Stepby-
step instructions for using the CHPL to find your system are available Certified Health IT Product List (CHPL) Public User Guide pdf
. 


1b. Did you switch to your current EHR from a previous system during the calendar year? 

a. Yes 
b. No 






1c.Do you use more than one EHR, data collection, and/or data analytics system across your organization? 
Select “Yes” if the health center has more than one EHR that flows into one central health IT/EHR or 
practice management system. 

a. Yes 
b. No 


1c1. If yes, what is the reason? 

a. Additional EHR/data system(s) are used during transition from one primary EHR to another 
b. Additional EHR/data system(s) are specific to one or more service types (e.g., dental, behavioral 
health, care coordination) 
c. Additional EHR/data system(s) are used at specific service delivery sites with no plan to transition 
d. Additional EHR/data system(s) are used for analysis and reporting (such as for clinical quality 
measures or custom reporting) 
e. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 






1d. Question removed. 
1e. Question removed. 


2. Question removed. 
3. Question removed. 
4. Which of the following key providers/health care settings does your health center electronically exchange 
clinical or patient information with? (Select all that apply.) 

a. Hospitals/Emergency rooms 
b. Specialty providers 
c. Other primary care providers 
d. Labs or imaging 
e. Health information exchange (HIE)Reference 26 
f. Community-based organizations/social service partners 
g. None of the above (Please select “None of the above” only if none of the other options apply.) 
h. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 



5. Does your health center engage patients through health IT in any of the following ways? (Select all that 
apply.) 

a. Patient portals 
b. Kiosks 
c. Secure messaging between patient and provider 
d. Online or virtual scheduling 
e. Automated electronic outreach for care gap closure or preventive care reminders 





26 HIEs are typically state or regional data exchanges that support information sharing between different organizations, provider types, and technology 
vendors. More information on HIEs can be found Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy webpage on Content Details of on the Health Information Exchange webpage
. 

f. Application programming interface (API) patient access to their health record through mHealth appsReference 27 
g. Other (please describe
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 
h. No, we DO NOT engage patients using health IT (Please select “No, we DO NOT engage patients using 
health IT” only if none of the other options apply.) 



6. Question removed. 
7. Question removed. 
8. Question removed. 
9. Question removed. 
10. How does your health center utilize health IT and EHR data beyond direct patient care? (Select all that apply.) 

a. Quality improvement (e.g., outreach, health education) 
b. Population health management 
c. Program evaluation and planning (e.g., grants, needs assessments, strategic planning) 
d. Research 
d1. Financial monitoring (e.g., value-based incentives, reimbursements) 
e. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 
f. We DO NOT utilize health IT or EHR data beyond direct patient care (Please select “We DO NOT utilize 
health IT or EHR data beyond direct patient care” only if none of the other options apply.) 



11. Does your health center collect data on individual patients’ health-related needs, outside of the data countable 
in the UDS? 

Note: Health centers should respond “a. Yes” below only if they are screening for health-related needs, 
meaning they have a consistent set of questions that are asked of individual patients uniformly for the 
purposes of collecting information on the non-medical, health-related needs of patients, such as housing 
instability and/or food insecurity, beyond those demographic patient characteristics captured elsewhere on the 
UDS Report. Collecting race, ethnicity, and/or income level would not be considered here as collecting data 
on individual patients’ health-related needs, as this information is already counted in the UDS Report, on 
Tables 3B and 4. Similarly, collecting data on intimate partner violence, domestic violence, and/or human 
trafficking would not be considered, as this information is already counted in the UDS Report, on Table 6A. 

a. Yes 
b. No, but we are in planning stages to collect this information 
c. No, we are not planning to collect this information 


If response to Question 11 is “a,” then continue to the next question. If response is “b” or “c,” skip to 
Question 12b. 




27 More information on Assistant Secretary for Technology Policy webpage on Content Details of on How APIs in Health Care can Support Access to Health Information: Learning Module 

11a. How many health center patients were screened for health-related needs using a standardized screener during 
the calendar year? (Only respond to this if the response to Question 11 is “a. Yes” and count only patients 
who completed (some of or all of) the screener
(Enter the How many health center patients were screened for health-related needs using a standardized screener during the calendar year?) 



12. Which standardized screener(s) for health-related needs, if any, did you use during the calendar year? (Select 
all that apply. Only respond to this if your response to Question 11a is greater than 0.) 

a. Accountable Health Communities Screening Tools 
b. Upstream Risks Screening Tool and Guide 
c. IHELLP 
d. Recommend Social and Behavioral Domains for EHRs 
e. Protocol for Responding to and Assessing Patients’ Assets, Risks, and Experiences (PRAPARE) 
f. Well Child Care, Evaluation, Community Resources, Advocacy, Referral, Education (WE CARE) 
g. WellRx 
h. Health Leads Screening Toolkit 
i. Other (please describe: 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 


Note: Health centers that are screening for health-related needs, using the definition noted in Question 11, but 
are NOT using one of the standardized screening tools listed should respond “i. Other.” Specify that you are 
using standardized questions from various screening tools. 

j. We DO NOT use a standardized screener (response to Question 12b is required when selected) 


Note: Only select “j. We DO NOT use a standardized screener” if you DO NOT use a consistent set of 
questions/approach to screen patients for health-related needs. If Question 11a is greater than 0 and the health 
center responds to Question 12, continue to the next question. If Question 11a is 0 and Question 12 is any 
option other than “j,” skip to Question 13. 

12a. Of the total patients screened for health-related needs (Question 11a), please provide the total number of 
patients that screened positive for any of the following at any point during the calendar year. (A patient may 
experience multiple health-related needs and should be counted once for each risk factor they screened 
positive for, regardless of the number of times screened during the year.) 

a. Food insecurity 
(Enter the Food insecurity) 
b. Housing insecurity 
(Enter the Housing insecurity) 
c. Financial strain 
(Enter the Financial strain) 
d. Lack of transportation/access to public transportation 
(Enter the Lack of transportation/access to public transportation) 



12b. If you DO NOT use a standardized screener to collect this information, please indicate why. (Select all that 
apply.) (Only respond to this question if your response to Question 11a is “zero” or if Question 12, option j is 
selected.) 

a. Have not considered/unfamiliar with standardized screeners 
b. Lack of funding for addressing these unmet health-related needs of patients 
c. Lack of training for personnel to discuss these issues with patients 
d. Inability to include with patient intake and clinical workflow 
e. Not needed 
f. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 









13. Does your health center integrate a statewide Prescription Drug Monitoring Program (PDMP) database into 
the health information systems, such as health information exchanges, EHRs, and/or pharmacy dispensing 
software (PDS) to streamline provider access to controlled substance prescriptions? 

a. Yes 
b. No 
c. Not sure 





FAQ FOR APPENDIX D: HEALTH CENTER HEALTH IT CAPABILITIES FORM 

1. What do we do if our health center acquired a new EHR system and we need to use two different 
systems to report a full calendar year UDS Report? 

Health centers are required to submit one UDS Report that includes unduplicated data for the entire scope of 
services included in the grant or designation for the calendar year. It is expected that health centers that 
transition from one EHR to another during the calendar year are able to report unduplicated counts of patients, 
visits, and other activity, as appropriate. To complete the UDS Report as accurately as possible, your health 
center will need to have access to both systems and merge results. Health centers should work to establish a 
process to pull and transfer data from the previous EHR system during the merger process. This may require 
pulling data from the two systems into a separate database to remove any duplication in the data. This can be 
a time-consuming process, and it is recommended that health centers begin this process as soon as the year 
ends or once the transition has been completed to ensure sufficient time for completion before the submission 
due date. 


2. We use multiple EHRs across our health center that are then aggregated into a single analytics 
platform or data warehouse for UDS reporting. How should we be responding to the questions on this 
form? 

Respond to Question 1 and its sub-questions 1a through 1c1 based on the primary EHR used by your medical 
providers. For example, provide the vendor, product, product number, and CHPL Number for the primary 
EHR used by your medical providers. 

Respond to Questions 4 through 10 based on your entire EHR and health IT ecosystem. Your responses 
should state where data are exchanged from any of the systems in use at your health center and for what 
purposes the data from those systems are used. 


3. We combined a few different screeners to screen patients for health-related needs (such as to meet 
various grant or payer requirements or address unique needs of the community). How do we report 
this on Questions 11 through 12b? 

Respond “a. Yes” to Question 11 and select “i. Other” on Question 12. Describe the screening tool that you 
use in the “specify” field of Question 12 (for example, describe the screeners that have been combined or note 
that a screener was provided by your MCO). Also, report the total number of health center patients screened 
using the particular tool(s) you use in Question 11a, and, of those screened, how many screened positive in 
each of the four areas specified in Question 12a. If your screener does NOT have a question related to one or 
more of the four areas specified in Question 12a, enter “0” for that area. For Question 11a, count only patients 
who completed (some of or all of) the screener questions. Do not count the patient for this question if a 
screener was provided to a patient who did not respond to any of the screening questions. 





4. Do people reported on Line 11a (count of those screened for health-related needs) need to have a 
countable visit on Table 5? 

Yes. Although the health center may survey others, this count should only include health center patients 
who were screened for health-related needs. Patients are reported as having had at least one countable visit on 
Table 5 and are included in the total patient count on the patient demographics tables (ZIP Code Table and 
Tables 3A, 3B, and 4). This number cannot exceed total patients and is generally a subset of that count. 





Appendix E: Other Data Elements 

INTRODUCTION 

The questions on the Other Data Elements Form collect information on the changing landscape of health centers 
to include expanded services and delivery systems. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this form. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

QUESTIONS 

Topics on this form include medications for opioid use disorder (MOUD), telehealth, outreach and enrollment 
assistance, and voluntary family planning. Respond to each question based on your health center status as of 
December 31, 2025. 

1. Medications for Opioid Use Disorder (MOUD) 

a. How many providers, on-site or with whom the health center has contracts, are eligible to treat opioid use 
disorder with medications specifically approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) webpage 
(i.e., 
buprenorphine, methadone, naltrexone) for that indication during the calendar year? 
b. During the calendar year, how many patients received MOUD from a provider accounted for in Question 
1a? 


Note: Review the applicable value set from Table 6A, Line 26c3, for MOUD. The number of patients 
included on Table 6A should be the same as patients reported in this form, Question 1b. 


2. Did your organization use telemedicine to provide remote (virtual) clinical care services? 

Note: Telemedicine services refers to remote clinical services for patients. 

a. Yes 

If “Yes” is selected, proceed to questions 2a1–2a3. 

2a1.Who did you use telemedicine to communicate with? (Select all that apply.) 

a. Patients at remote locations from your organization (e.g., home telehealth, satellite locations) 
b. Specialists outside your organization (e.g., specialists at referral centers) 



2a2. What telehealth technologies did you use? (Select all that apply.) 

a. Real-time telehealth (e.g., live videoconferencing) 
b. Store-and-forward telehealth (e.g., secure email with photos or videos of patient examinations) 
c. Remote patient monitoring (e.g., electronic transmission of data from patients to health care 
providers, such as vital signs, pulse, blood pressure) 
d. Mobile Health (mHealth) (e.g., patient technologies, like smartphones and tablet apps) 












2a3.What primary telemedicine services were used at your organization? (Select all that apply.) 

a. Primary care 
b. Oral health 
c. Behavioral health: Mental health 
d. Behavioral health: Substance use disorder 
e. Dermatology 
f. Chronic conditions 
g. Disaster management 
h. Consumer health education 
i. Provider-to-provider consultation 
j. Radiology 
k. Nutrition and dietary counseling 
l. Other (Please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 






b. No. 

If you did not use telemedicine services, please comment on why. (Select all that apply.) 

a. Have not considered/unfamiliar with telehealth service options 
b. Policy barriers (Select all that apply.) 

i. Lack of or limited reimbursement 
ii. Credentialing, licensing, or privileging 
iii. Privacy and security 
iv. Other (Please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 



c. Inadequate broadband/telecommunication service (Select all that apply.) 

i. Cost of service 
ii. Lack of infrastructure 
iii. Other (Please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 



d. Lack of funding for telehealth equipment 
e. Lack of training for telehealth services 
f. Not needed 
g. Other (Please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 









3. Provide the number of all assists provided during the past year by all trained assisters (e.g., certified 
application counselor or equivalent) working on behalf of the health center (personnel, contracted personnel, 
or volunteers), regardless of the funding source that is supporting the assisters’ activities. Outreach and 
enrollment assists are defined as customizable education sessions about third-party primary care health 
insurance coverage options (one-on-one or small group) and any other assistance provided by a health center 
assister to facilitate enrollment. 

Enter number of assists 
(Enter the number of assists) 


Note: Assists DO NOT count as visits on the UDS tables. 


4. How many health center patients were screened for voluntary family planning, including contraceptive 
methods, using a standardized screener during the calendar year? 
(Enter the How many health center patients were screened for voluntary family planning, including contraceptive methods, using a standardized screener during the calendar year?) 


FAQ FOR APPENDIX E: OTHER DATA ELEMENTS FORM 

1. If a patient is given a screener for voluntary family planning, but they do not respond to the questions, 
do we count the patient as screened for Question 4? 

No. Count only patients who completed (some of or all of) the screener. Do not count the patient for this 
question if a screener was provided to the patient and they did not respond to any of the screening questions. 


2. What is considered a standard screener for the family planning response? 

Use of a standardized screener tool (i.e., a consistent set of questions that are asked of individual patients 
uniformly for the purposes of collecting information to assess the individual’s voluntary family planning or 
interest in contraceptive services). 





Appendix F: Workforce 

INTRODUCTION 

The Workforce Form collects information through a series of questions on health center workforce. It is important 
to understand the current state of health center workforce training and staffing models to better support 
recruitment and retention of health center professionals. 

The text directly below indicates changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting: 

There are no key changes to this form. 

This marks the conclusion of changes from 2024 calendar year reporting to 2025 calendar year reporting. 

QUESTIONS 

Report on these data elements as part of your UDS submission. Topics include health professional 
education/training (DO NOT include continuing education units) and satisfaction surveys. Respond to each 
question based on your health center status as of December 31, 2025. 

1. Does your health center provide any health professional education/training that is a hands-on, practical, or 
clinical experience? 

a. Yes 
b. No 



1a. If yes, which categories describe your health center’s role in the health professional education/training 
process? (Select all that apply.) 

a. SponsorReference 28 
b. Training site partnerReference 29 
c. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 



2. If yes, please indicate the range of health professional education/training offered at your health center and 
how many individuals you have trained in each categoryReference 30 
within the calendar year. (Do not answer this 
question if your response to question 1 was No). 

Note: Line 1, below, is the count of individuals, regardless of their specialty. Lines 1a–1f are to account for 
the multiple specialties that an individual has received or may be receiving training for during the calendar 
year (e.g., an Internist + other specialty). 

Note: Line 25, Other, may include students interested in health care (e.g., internships, master’s-level 
placements); students enrolled in specialized training, such as radiology; social work; phlebotomy; physical 
therapy, and occupational therapy; pharmacy technicians; and community health workers, for example. 




28 A sponsor hosts a comprehensive health profession education and/or training program, the implementation of which may require partnerships with other 
entities that deliver focused, time-limited education and/or training (e.g., a teaching health center with a family medicine residency program). 
29 A training site partner delivers focused, time-limited education and/or training to learners in support of a comprehensive curriculum hosted by another 
health profession education provider (e.g., month-long primary care dentistry experience for dental students). 
30 Examples of pre-graduate/certificate training include student clinical rotations or externships. A residency, fellowship, or practicum would be examples of 
post-graduate training. Include non-health-center individuals trained by your health center. 

a. Pre Graduate/Certificate b. Post Graduate Training 
Medical 
1. Physicians 
a. Family Physicians 
b. General Practitioners 
c. Internists 
d. Obstetrician/Gynecologists 
e. Pediatricians 
f. Other Specialty Physicians 
2. Nurse Practitioners 
3. Physician Assistants 
4. Certified Nurse Midwives 
5. Registered Nurses 
6. Licensed Practical Nurses/ Vocational 
Nurses 
7. Medical Assistants 
Dental 
8. Dentists 
9. Dental Hygienists 
10. Dental Therapists 
10a. Dental Assistants 
Mental Health and Substance Use 
Disorder 
11. Psychiatrists 
12. Clinical Psychologists 
13. Clinical Social Workers 
14. Professional Counselors 
15. Marriage and Family Therapists 
16. Psychiatric Nurse Specialists 
17. Mental Health Nurse Practitioners 
18. Mental Health Physician Assistants 
19. Substance Use Disorder Personnel 
Vision 
20. Ophthalmologists 
21. Optometrists 
Other Professionals 
22. Chiropractors 
23. Dieticians/Nutritionists 
24. Pharmacists 
25. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 


3. Provide the number of health center personnel serving as preceptorsReference 31 
at your health center: 
(Enter the Provide the number of health center personnel serving as preceptors at your health center:) 
4. Provide the number of health center personnel (non-preceptors) supporting ongoing health center training 
programs: 
(Enter the Provide the number of health center personnel (non-preceptors) supporting ongoing health center training programs:) 
5. How often does your health center conduct satisfaction surveys to providers (as identified in Appendix A
, 
Listing of Personnel) working for the health center? Report only provider surveys here. (Select one.) 

a. Monthly 
b. Quarterly 
c. Annually 
d. We DO NOT currently conduct provider satisfaction surveys 
e. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 



6. How often does your health center conduct satisfaction surveys for general personnel (as identified in Appendix A
, Listing of Personnel) working for the health center (report provider surveys in question 5 only)? 
(Select one.) 

a. Monthly 
b. Quarterly 
c. Annually 
d. We DO NOT currently conduct personnel satisfaction surveys 
e. Other (please describe 
(Enter the Other: please describe) 
) 





31 A preceptor is a teacher or experienced professional who helps students and staff learners apply theory to practice. 

Appendix G: Health Center Resources 

Several resources are available to help health centers with UDS reporting criteria, or EHBs system questions: 

Description Contact Email or Web Form Phone 
UDS reporting questions UDS Support Center E-mail address of UDS Support Center 
or BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
Select: Uniform Data System (UDS) > UDS 
Reporting and > the most applicable 
subcategory 
866‐837‐4357 
(866‐UDS‐HELP) 
EHBs account and user 
access questions 
Health Center 
Program Support BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
Select: Technical Support > EHBs 
Tasks/Technical Issues > EHBs Privileges 
877‐464‐4772 
EHBs technical issues 
with UDS Reports 
Health Center 
Program Support BPHC Contact Form: The webpage BPHC Contact Form is available on the HRSA Health Center Program website.
Select: Technical Support > EHBs 
Tasks/Technical Issues > Other EHBs 
Submission Types 
877‐464‐4772 

Visit HRSA’s Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of BPHC UDS Training and Technical Assistance webpage
to access this manual and other data and 
resources, including: 

• a complete set of the UDS tables and forms (note that the table view within EHBs may look different but 
contains the same fields), 
• notifications of changes to reporting criteria included in the PAL, 
• training opportunities, and 
• other reporting materials and guidance. 


Subscribe to the Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of Primary Health Care Digest
for timely updates and reminders about UDS reporting. 

Visit HRSA’s Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of BPHC Strategic Partnerships webpage
for descriptions and lists of Health Center Controlled 
Networks (HCCNs), National Training and Technical Assistance Partners, and Primary Care Associations (PCAs) 
that may assist health centers with UDS reporting. 


UDS PRODUCTION TIMELINE AND REPORT AVAILABILITY 

Health centers can access their current-year and prior-year UDS Reports, as well as several standard reports, 
through the Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of EHBs web link
. 

• UDS Preliminary Reporting Environment (PRE): October–December 2025 
• UDS annual data collection and reporting: January 1–February 15, 2026 
• Deadline for submitting a complete UDS Report: February 15, 2026 
• UDS reporting freeze: March 31, 2026 
• Standard UDS Reports are available in EHBs, as shown below. 


UDS Report 
Level 
Timing Description Awardee 
Look 
Alike 
PCAs 
& 
NTTAPs 
Health Center 
UDS Data 
Tables 
(Submitted/ 
Finalized) 
January 
(available 
after initial 
submission) 
Provides health center with data for each of the 
11 UDS tables and the Health IT, Other Data 
Elements, and Workforce forms. Available in 
HTML format. 
HC HC 
Not 
available 
UDS Data File 
January 
(available 
after initial 
submission) 
Provides health center with data for each of the 
11 UDS tables, the Health IT, Other Data 
Elements, and Workforce forms. Available in 
XML and Excel formats. 
HC HC 
Not 
available 
Health Center 
Trend Report 
July/August 
Compares the health center’s performance for 
key measures (in three categories: Access, 
Quality of Care/Health Outcomes, and Financial 
Cost/Viability) with national and state averages 
over a 3-year period. Available in HTML format 
for awardees and look-alikes. Available in 
HTML, ZIP, or PDF file for PCAs and 
NTTAPs. 
HC, S, N HC, N HC, S, N 
UDS Summary 
Report 
July/August 
Summarizes and analyzes the health center’s 
current UDS data using measures across various 
tables of the UDS Report. Available in HTML 
format for awardees and look-alikes. Available 
in HTML, Excel, ZIP, or PDF file for PCAs and 
NTTAPs. 
HC, S, N HC, N HC, S, N 
UDS Rollup 
Report 
July/August 
Compiles annual data reported by health centers 
and provides summary data for patient 
characteristics, socioeconomic characteristics, 
staffing, patient diagnoses and services 
rendered, quality of care, health outcomes, 
financial costs, and revenue. Available in HTML 
format for awardees and look-alikes. Available 
in HTML, ZIP, or PDF file for PCAs and 
NTTAPs. 
S, N N S, N 


Performance 
Comparison 
Report 
September 
Summarizes and analyzes the health center’s 
latest UDS data, giving details at awardee or 
look-alike, state, national, urban, and rural levels 
with trend comparisons and percentiles. 
Available in HTML format for awardees and 
look-alikes. Available in HTML, ZIP, or PDF 
file for PCAs and NTTAPs. 
HC, S, N HC, N HC, S, N 
Data Dumps July/August 
Provides all UDS data at a health center level for 
all health centers associated with the PCA state 
or region. NTTAPs receive data for all health 
centers. Available in Excel format. 
Not 
available 
Not 
available 
HC 

Abbreviations indicate geographies and detail level for which each report is available. 

HC=Health Center, S=State, N=National 

PUBLICLY AVAILABLE UDS DATA 

Finalized UDS data is available to the public, as shown below. 

• UDS state and national summary tables and Health Center Program awardee and look-alike data profiles will 
be available in theHealth Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of HRSA Data Warehouse
in August 2026. 
• Service area data will be available on the Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of HRSA Data and Reporting
website in August 2026. 
• Annual performance data in Excel will be available in theHealth Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of Electronic Reading Room
in August 2026. 


UDS CQMS AND NATIONAL PROGRAMS CROSSWALK 

The following table crosswalks the UDS CQMs and other national programs using these measures. Specification 
details and eCQM flowsheets are available at the Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of eCQI Resource Center
. Use the Assistant Secretary for 
Technology Policy/Office of the National Coordinator ONC Project Tracking System webpage on Content Details of Issue Tracking System 
to report issues or ask questions 
about eCQM specifications. 

ID Measure Title Measure Steward 
CMS 
eCQM 
CMS 
Medicaid 
Core Set 
Healthy 
People 
2030 
MIPS/ 
QPP 
CMIT #Reference 32
Table 6B, 
Line 7 
Early Entry to 
Prenatal Care 
n/a n/a n/a MICH08 
No n/a 
Table 6B, 
Line 10 
Childhood 
Immunization 
Status 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS117v13
Child Core n/a Yes 124 
Table 6B, 
Line 11 
Cervical Cancer 
Screening 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS124v13
Adult Core C-09 Yes 118 

32 CMS has made the nomenclature change by using CBE numbers available in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Measures webpage on Content Details of CMS Measures Inventory Tool (CMIT)
. 

ID Measure Title Measure Steward 
CMS 
eCQM 
CMS 
Medicaid 
Core Set 
Healthy 
People 
2030 
MIPS/ 
QPP 
CMIT #Reference 33 
Table 6B, 
Line 11a 
Breast Cancer 
Screening 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS125v13
Adult Core C-05 Yes 93 
Table 6B, 
Line 12 
Weight 
Assessment and 
Counseling for 
Nutrition and 
Physical Activity 
for Children/ 
Adolescents 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS155v13
Child Core n/a Yes 760 
Table 6B, 
Line 13 
Preventive Care 
and Screening: 
Body Mass Index 
(BMI) Screening 
and Follow-Up 
Plan 
Centers for 
Medicare & 
Medicaid Services Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS69v13
n/a n/a Yes 594 
Table 6B, 
Line 14a 
Preventive Care 
and Screening: 
Tobacco Use: 
Screening and 
Cessation 
Intervention 
National Committee 
for Quality 
Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS138v13
Adult Core n/a Yes 596 
Table 6B, 
Line 17a 
Statin Therapy 
for the 
Prevention and 
Treatment of 
Cardiovascular 
Disease 
Centers for 
Medicare & 
Medicaid Services Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS347v8
n/a n/a Yes 700 
Table 6B, 
Line 18 
Ischemic 
Vascular Disease 
(IVD): Use of 
Aspirin or 
Another 
Antiplatelet 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS164v7 (no updated eCQM)
n/a n/a No 405 
Table 6B, 
Line 19 
Colorectal 
Cancer Screening 
National 
Committee for 
Quality Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS130v13
n/a C-07 Yes 139 
Table 6B, 
Line 20 
HIV Linkage to 
Care 
n/a n/a n/a HIV-04 No n/a 

33 CMS has made the nomenclature change by using CBE numbers available in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Measures webpage on Content Details of CMS Measures Inventory Tool (CMIT)
. 

ID Measure Title Measure Steward 
CMS 
eCQM 
CMS 
Medicaid 
Core Set 
Healthy 
People 
2030 
MIPS/ 
QPP 
CMIT #Reference 34
Table 6B, 
Line 20a 
HIV Screening Centers for Disease 
Control and 
Prevention Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS349v7
n/a n/a Yes 324 
Table 6B, 
Line 21 
Preventive Care 
and Screening: 
Screening for 
Depression and 
Follow-Up Plan 
Centers for 
Medicare & 
Medicaid Services Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS2v14
Adult Core MHMD 
-08 
Yes 672 
Table 6B, 
Line 21a 
Depression 
Remission at 
Twelve Months 
Minnesota 
Community 
Measurement Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS159v13
n/a n/a Yes 190 
Table 6B, 
Line 22 
Dental Sealants 
for Children 
between 6–9 
Years 
Dental Quality 
Alliance -American 
Dental Association 
CMS277 
(no 
updated 
eCQM)Reference 35 
Child Core OH-10 No 830 
Table 6B, 
Lines 23a 
and 23b 
Initiation and 
Engagement of 
Substance Use 
Disorder 
Treatment 
National Committee 
for Quality 
Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS137v13
Adult Core n/a Yes 394 
Table 7, 
Section A 
Low Birth 
Weight 
Centers for Disease 
Control and 
Prevention 
n/a n/a n/a No 413 
Table 7, 
Section B 
Controlling High 
Blood Pressure 
National Committee 
for Quality 
Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS165v13
Adult Core HDS-05 Yes 167 
Table 7, 
Section C 
Diabetes: 
Glycemic Status 
Assessment 
Greater Than 
>9% 
National Committee 
for Quality 
Assurance Electronic Clinical Quality Improvement (eCQI) webpage on Content Details of CMS122v13
Adult Core D-03 Yes 204 

n/a = Not applicable, CBE = Consensus-based Entity, MIPS = Merit-based Incentive Payment System, QPP = Quality Payment Program 

34 CMS has made the nomenclature change by using CBE numbers available in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Measures webpage on Content Details of CMS Measures Inventory Tool (CMIT)
. 
35 Access measure details through the Health Resources and Services Administration webpage on Content Details of Clinical Care 
section of HRSA’s BPHC UDS Training and Technical Assistance webpage. 

Appendix H: Glossary 

Accrual basis: Method of accounting that recognizes income when it is earned and expenses when they are 
incurred. 

Adjustment: The difference between the health center fee schedule charge and the amount paid or reimbursed by 
a payer for any given patient service transaction. There may be multiple adjustments on a single transaction. 

Aged and disabled former migratory and seasonal agricultural workers: As defined in section 330 (g)(1)(B), 
individuals who have previously been migratory agricultural workers but who no longer work in agriculture 
because of their age or disability. 

Bad debt: Amounts owed by a patient that the health center has determined to be uncollectable and has formally 
written off. 

Capitation: An agreed-upon amount that a managed care payer pays to the provider (health center) for providing 
all of the services in an agreed-upon list. The payer/HMO pays the health center a set amount monthly, regardless 
of the number of services or if any services were rendered during the month. 

Cash basis: Method of accounting that recognizes income when the payment is received and expense when cash 
is disbursed. 

Change in accounts receivable: Charges minus collections minus adjustments, or the amount by which what is 
owed to the health center increases or decreases during the calendar year. 

CHIP: The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is a federally funded program that provides primary 
health care coverage for children and, on a state-by-state basis, others, especially pregnant women, mothers, or 
parents of these children. CHIP coverage can be provided through the state’s Medicaid program, contracts with 
private insurance plans, or both. 

Clinical quality language (CQL): A Health Level Seven International (HL7) authoring language standard 
intended to be human readable. 

Clinical quality measure (CQM): A quantified indicator used to evaluate how well the health center is achieving 
standards. 

Contracted personnel: People who work under contract for the health center, as opposed to being a salaried 
employee. They DO NOT have withholding taxes deducted from their paychecks, and they have their income 
reported to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on a 1099 form. 

Cost center: Unit of the health center’s accounting where costs associated with that unit are charged and 
accumulated for accounting purposes. 

Countable visit: A documented encounter in the patient health record between a patient and a licensed or 
credentialed provider who exercises their independent professional judgment in the provision of services to the 
patient. (Virtual visits are allowable for each of the service categories.) 

Denominator: The number below the line in a fraction, or the divisor. As used in clinical quality measure (CQM) 
reporting, patients who fit the detailed criteria described for inclusion in the specific measure to be evaluated. 

Drawdown (noun): The amount of grant dollars in cash transferred by HHS to the health center in response to a 
formal request for awarded grant funds. 


Draw down (verb): A request through the HHS PMS system for awarded and available grant funds to be 
transferred by HHS to the health center. 

Dually eligible: A patient enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid, with Medicare being the primary insurance. 

Electronic health record (EHR)/Electronic medical record (EMR)/Patient health record: A digital record of 
a patient’s registration profile, the history of services provided, diagnostic results, and other patient information. It 
often includes a web-based communications portal for patients and providers. The record/information is made 
available securely to authorized users. 

Ethnicity: The ethnic ancestry or origin of a person or group of people. 

Exclusions or exceptions: As used in clinical quality measure reporting, patients NOT to be considered or 
included in the denominator (exclusions) or removed if a specific condition is identified (exceptions). 

Federal poverty guidelines: An annual notice issued by HHS of the annual income thresholds, defined by the 
number of persons in the family/household, at or under which individuals are defined as being in poverty. Three 
separate schedules are issued for people residing in the 48 contiguous states and the District of Columbia, in 
Alaska, and in Hawaii. Health centers in U.S. territories use the 48 contiguous state schedule. 

Fee-for-service: A method of charging for services and paying reimbursements to providers based upon the 
charge for procedures, visits, or other services rendered. 

Fee schedule: A listing of the health center’s uniform charges for its goods and services. 

First trimester (prenatal care): Women who are estimated to be pregnant up through the end of the 13th week 
after the first day of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically determined to have been in their first 
trimester based on documented estimated date of delivery (EDD). 

Full-time equivalent (FTE): The fraction of time for which an individual is paid during the calendar year. Full-
time (as defined by the health center) is equal to 1.00 FTE (half-time is equal to 0.50 FTE, and so on). FTE may 
be used in aggregate to describe the availability of a group of personnel in a service category. 

Full-time personnel: People generally employed 40 hours per week, but subject to organizational definitions. 
Full-time personnel generally receive benefits, have withholding taxes deducted from their paychecks, and have 
their income reported to the IRS on a W-2 form. Personnel may or may not have a contract. Personnel are full-
time when they are so defined in their contract and/or when their benefits reflect this status. 

Gross charges: The sum of the full, undiscounted health center fees for a product, a service rendered, or a set of 
services rendered under a global charge. 

Health center scope: A defined set of approved service sites, services, providers, service area, and target 
populations for a health center. 

Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin: Describes individuals of specific Spanish or Latino/a heritage, lineage, 
descent, or country of birth. 

Homeless: An individual experiencing homelessness is a person who lacks housing (without regard to whether 
the individual is a member of a family), including individuals whose primary residence during the night is at a 
location classified as unfit for human habitation (e.g., street, field, abandoned building), a supervised public or 
private facility that provides temporary living accommodations, a day-to-day temporary and unstable living 
arrangement in someone else’s home (doubled up), in transitional housing, or in permanent supportive housing. 

Income: Money received through earnings from work and other sources. 


Indigent care programs: State or local programs that earmark dollars to pay in whole or in part for services 
rendered to people who are uninsured and experiencing poverty. Indigent care programs include 638 compact 
programs for tribal groups. 

Last party rule: Reporting of grant and contract cash receipts based on the entity from which the health center 
received them, rather than the source from which they originated. 

Locum tenens: People who work at the health center on an as-needed basis, when the health center is unable to 
hire full-or part-time personnel until the position is filled, or to serve during a period of increased demand. 
Locums are uniquely identifiable because they work for an agency and the health center pays the agency rather 
than the individual. They DO NOT receive benefits from the health center (although they may from the agency 
they work for) and may not be covered by the health center’s professional liability insurance. 

Look-alike: A formal designation by HRSA of a health center that meets the requirements of a Federally 
Qualified Health Center but does not directly receive Health Center Program section 330 funding. 

Managed care: A system in which a fee is paid under contract to a health center by a private or public 
organization to provide a defined range of services to patients assigned to the health center. 

Measurement period: The time period (defined by start and end dates) for which a CQM applies. 

Medicaid: Joint federal/state-run programs operating under the guidelines of Titles XIX (Medicaid) and XXI 
(CHIP, as appropriate) of the Social Security Act. 

Medicaid expansion: A program created by the Affordable Care Act that makes Medicaid available to more 
patients on a state-by-state basis, subject to adoption by the state. 

Medicare: Federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, people with blindness, people 
with a disability, and people with end-stage renal disease (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act). 

Member month: One individual enrolled in a managed care plan for one month. 

Migratory agricultural workers: For the purposes of health centers receiving a Health Center Program award or 
designation under section 330(g) of the Public Health Service Act, individuals whose principal employment is in 
agriculture, who have been so employed within 24 months of their last visit of the calendar year being reported, 
and who establish for the purposes of such employment a temporary abode. This includes the family members 
(who themselves may or may not migrate) of the individuals described above and individuals who are no longer 
employed in migratory agriculture because of age or disability. 

National Health Service Corps (NHSC) assignees: Clinicians who either received an NHSC scholarship or are 
receiving NHSC loan repayment who are obligated to repay that support by serving at an approved facility in a 
designated health professional shortage area. 

New Access Point: A health center’s newly approved service delivery site. 

New Start: A health center that has received HRSA Health Center funding for the first time during the calendar 
year. 

Numerator: The number that is above the line in a fraction and is divided by the denominator. As used in CQM 
reporting, patient health records (a subset of the denominator) that meet the criteria for the specified measure. 

Off-site contract providers: Providers who are contracted to provide services to referred health center patients at 
locations other than the health center’s approved service delivery sites. 


Part-time personnel: People employed for a period less than what the health center defines as full-time. They 
receive benefits as specified by the health center’s policy, have withholding taxes deducted from their paychecks, 
and have their income reported to the IRS on a W-2 form. Part-time personnel may or may not have a contract. 

Patient: An individual who has at least one countable visit during the calendar year in one or more categories of 
services: medical, dental, mental health, substance use disorder, vision, other professional, or enabling. 

Patient service revenue: The revenue attributable to the provision of patient services within the scope of federal 
project. 

Patients’ use of services: The extent to which patients accessed available services (see “Services provided” 
definition). 

Penalty/paybacks: Payments made by health centers to refund overpayments, or payments due to failure to meet 
utilization, failure to provide agreed-upon services, failure to serve assigned patients in a specified time period, or 
failure to meet other performance goals required by the payer. 

Preceptor: A teacher or experienced professional who helps students and staff learners apply theory to practice. 

Prenatal care (first visit): The first date a patient has a visit with a physician, NP, PA, or CNM who conducts a 
comprehensive prenatal exam to initiate pregnancy-related health care. 

Provider: An individual who exercises independent professional judgment in the provision of services rendered 
to the patient, assumes primary responsibility for assessing and/or treating the patient for the care provided at the 
visit, and documents services in the patient’s health record. 

Public housing: Public housing agency-developed, owned, or assisted low-income housing, including mixed-
finance projects but excluding housing units with no public housing agency support other than Section 8 housing 
vouchers. 

Race: A physical or social categorization of an individual, presumably based on inheritance or genetics. 

Reclassify (as used in billing systems): Transfer of amounts due from one payer to another payer, including the 
patient. 

Reconciliations (as used in billing systems): Lump-sum retroactive adjustments based on the filing of a 
settlement report. 

Residents/trainees: Individuals in training for a license or certification who provide services at the health center 
under the supervision of a more senior individual. Many of these trainees (especially medical and dental residents) 
already have licenses. 

Revenue: The money generated by a business before expenses are deducted. 

School-based service site: A health center located on or adjacent to school grounds (including pre-school, 
kindergarten, and primary through secondary schools) that provides health services. 

Screening: A test to check for a disease or health condition in the absence of signs and symptoms. Screening tests 
DO NOT diagnose illness, and those who test positive typically require additional evaluation with diagnostic tests 
or procedures. 

Seasonal agricultural workers: For the purposes of health centers receiving a Health Center Program award or 
designation under section 330(g) of the Public Health Service Act, individuals whose principal employment is in 
agriculture on a seasonal basis and who DO NOT meet the definition of a migratory agricultural worker. 


Second trimester (prenatal care): Women who were pregnant and estimated to be between the start of the 14th 
week and the end of the 27th week after the first day of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically 
determined to have been in their second trimester based on documented EDD. 

Self-pay: A payment by a patient that covers (in whole or in part) the cost of services rendered and is NOT 
directly paid by a third-party payer to the health center for these services. 

Services provided: Availability and use of care that a patient may receive from the health center. 

Sex: An individual’s immutable biological classification as either male or female. 

Sliding fee discount: A discount applied to the fee schedule that adjusts fees based on patients’ ability to pay 
based on their income and family/household size. 

Standing order: Written protocol that authorizes designated members of the health care team (e.g., nurses) to 
complete certain clinical tasks without having to first obtain a physician or advanced practice provider order. 

Third trimester (prenatal care): Women who were estimated to be pregnant for 28 weeks or longer after the 
first day of their last menstrual period, or when they were clinically determined to have been in their third 
trimester based on documented EDD. 

Third-party payer: An insurer or other entity that reimburses the health center for services rendered to patients. 

Veteran: Discharged (under conditions other than dishonorable) individuals who served in the active military, 
naval, or air service, which includes the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, Navy, and Space Force, or 
as a commissioned officer of the Public Health Service or National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
This also includes individuals who served in the National Guard or Reserves on active-duty status. 

Volunteers: Individuals who work at the health center but are NOT paid for their work. 

Wraparound payments: Periodic payments to FQHCs to reimburse the shortfall between the amounts paid by 
the payer and the health center’s established FQHC or PPS visit rate. 


Appendix I: Acronyms 

• ACO: accountable care organization 
• ADA: American Dental Association 
• ADHC: adult day health care 
• AMA: American Medical Association 
• AMI: acute myocardial infarction 
• APRN: advanced practice registered nurse 
• ASCVD: atherosclerotic cardiovascular 
disease 
• ASTP: Assistant Secretary for TechnologyPolicy 
• AWP: average wholesale price 
• BCCEDP: Breast and Cervical Cancer EarlyDetection Program 
• BDI, BDI-II: Beck Depression Inventory 
• BDI-PC: Beck Depression Inventory-PrimaryCare 
• BHW: Bureau of Health Workforce 
• BMI: body mass index 
• BP: blood pressure 
• BPHC: Bureau of Primary Health Care 
• CABG: coronary artery bypass graft 
• CAD-MDD: Computerized AdaptiveDiagnostic Test for Major DepressiveDisorder 
• CADRE: Capital Assistance for Disaster 
Response and Recovery Efforts 
• CARE: Capital Assistance for HurricaneResponse and Recovery Efforts 
• CASA: Clinic Assessment SoftwareApplication 
• CAT-DI: Computerized Adaptive TestingDepression Inventory 
• CCO: coordinated care organizations 
• CDC: Centers for Disease Control andPrevention 
• CEO: chief executive officer 
• CES-D: Center for Epidemiologic Studies 
Depression Scale 
• CFO: chief financial officer 
• CHC: Community Health Center (funding) 
• CHIP: Children’s Health Insurance Program 
• CIO: chief information officer 
• CIS: change in scope 
• CME: continuing medical education 
• CMO: chief medical officer 
• CMS: Centers for Medicare & MedicaidServices 
• CNM: certified nurse midwife 
• CoCASA: Comprehensive Clinic Assessment 
Software Application 
• COO: chief operations officer 
• COVID-19: coronavirus disease 2019 
• CPT: Current Procedural Terminology 
• CQL: Clinical Quality Language 
• CQM: clinical quality measure 
• CSDD: Cornell Scale for Depression inDementia 
• CT: computerized tomography 
• DADS: Duke Anxiety-Depression Scale 
• DEPS: Depression Scale 
• DGMO: Division of Grants Management 
Operations 
• DNA: deoxyribonucleic acid 
• DO: Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine 
• DRE: digital rectal exam 
• DT, DTaP, DTP: diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis 
• eCQI: Electronic Clinical QualityImprovement 
• eCQMs: electronic clinical quality measures 



• EHBs: Electronic Handbooks 
• EHR: electronic health record 
• EKG: electrocardiogram 
• EMR: electronic medical records 
• EMS: emergency medical service 
• EMT: emergency medical technician 
• ENDS: electronic nicotine delivery systems 
• EPSDT: Early and Periodic Screening, 
Diagnostic, and Treatment 
• ESRD: end-stage renal disease 
• FAQ: frequently asked question 
• FDA: U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
• FIT: fecal immunochemical test 
• FOBT: fecal occult blood test 
• FPG: federal poverty guidelines 
• FQHC: Federally Qualified Health Center 
• FTC/TAF: emtricitabine/tenofovir 
alafenamide 
• FTC/TDF: emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil 
fumarate 
• FTE: full-time equivalent 
• GAAP: generally accepted accounting 
principles 
• GDS: Geriatric Depression Scale 
• gFOBT: guaiac fecal occult blood test 
• GMI: glucose management indicator 
• HAM-D: Hamilton Rating Scale for 
Depression 
• HbA1c: Hemoglobin A1c 
• HCFA: Health Care Financing Administration 
• HCPCS: Healthcare Common Procedure 
Coding System 
• Health IT: health information technology 
• HEDIS: Healthcare Effectiveness Data and 
Information Set 
• HHS: U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services 
• Hib: haemophilus influenza type B 
• HIV: human immunodeficiency virus 
• HMO: health maintenance organization 
• HP: Homeless Population (funding) 
• HPV: human papillomavirus 
• HR: human resources 
• HRSA: Health Resources and Services 
Administration 
• HUD: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban 
Development 
• ICD: International Classification of Diseases 
• iFOBT: immunochemical-based fecal occult 
blood test 
• IHS: Indian Health Service 
• IPV: inactivated polio vaccine 
• IRS: Internal Revenue Service 
• IT: information technology 
• IVD: ischemic vascular disease 
• LAL: Health Center Program look-alike 
• LBW: low birth weight 
• LCSW: licensed clinical social worker 
• LDL-C: low-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
• MCO: managed care organization 
• MD: medical doctor 
• MFQ: Mood Feeling Questionnaire 
• MIPS: Merit-based Incentive Payment System 
• MMR: measles, mumps, and rubella 
• MOUD: medications for opioid use disorder 
• MSAW: Migratory and Seasonal Agricultural 
Workers (funding) 
• NAICS: North American Industry 
Classification System 
• NAP: New Access Point 



• NCHS: National Center for Health Statistics 
• NHSC: National Health Service Corps 
• NP: nurse practitioner 
• OB/GYN: obstetrician/gynecologist 
• OMB: Office of Management and Budget 
• OMH: Office of Minority Health 
• ONC: Office of the National Coordinator for 
Health Information Technology 
• P4P: pay for performance 
• PA: physician assistant 
• PACE: Program of All-Inclusive Care for the 
Elderly 
• PAL: Program Assistance Letter 
• PAP: pharmacy assistance program 
• PCCM: primary care case management 
• PC-DMIS: personal computer dimensional 
measurement inspection software 
• PCI: percutaneous coronary intervention 
• PCMH: patient-centered medical home 
• PCV: pneumococcal conjugate vaccine 
• PDMP: Prescription Drug Monitoring 
Program 
• PDS: pharmacy dispensing software 
• PDSA: plan, do, study, act 
• PECS: patient electronic care system 
• PHQ: Patient Health Questionnaire 

Circle Used as Bullet 
PHQ-9M: PHQ modified for teens 
Circle Used as Bullet 
PHQ-A: PHQ for adolescents 



• PHS: Public Health Service (Act) 
• PMPM: per member per month 
• PMS: Payment Management System (PMS272) 
• PPD: purified protein derivative 
• PPS: prospective payment system 
• PRAPARE: Protocol for Responding to and 
Assessing Patients’ Assets, Risks, and 
Experiences 
• PRE: Preliminary Reporting Environment 
• PrEP: pre-exposure prophylaxis 
• PRIME MD: Primary Care Evaluation of 
Mental Disorders 
• PSC-17: Pediatric Symptom Checklist 
• PTSD: post-traumatic stress disorder 
• QI: quality improvement 
• QID-SR: Quick Inventory of Depressive 
Symptomatology Self-Report 
• RBRVU: resource-based relative value unit 
• RN: registered nurse 
• RPH: Residents of Public Housing (funding) 
• RV: rotavirus 
• SAMHSA: Substance Abuse and Mental 
Health Services Administration 
• SARS-CoV-2: strain of severe acute 
respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus 
• SBIRT: Screening, Brief Intervention, and 
Referral to Treatment 
• SNAP: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance 
Program 
• SRO: single-room occupancy 
• SSI: Supplemental Security Income 
• SUD: substance use disorder 
• TAF/FTC: tenofovir alafenamide 
fumarate/emtricitabine 
• TANF: Temporary Assistance for Needy 
Families 
• TDF/FTC: tenofovir disoproxil 
fumarate/emtricitabine 
• UCR: usual, customary, and reasonable 
• UDS: Uniform Data System 
• VFC: Vaccines for Children (program) 
• VSAC: Value Set Authority Center 



• VZV: varicella zoster virus 
• WE CARE: Well Child Care, Evaluation, 
Community Resources, Advocacy Referral, 
Education 
• WIC: Women, Infants, and Children 
(program) 



Department of Health & Human Services, USA - HRSA Health Center Program logo




2025 UDS Manual—July 10, 2025 
OMB Number: 0915-0193 
Expiration Date: 04/30/2026 


